{
  "name": "Ocean Survival tests/ Problems",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Lost at Sea – No land in sight. The ocean stretches endlessly in all directions. The sky remains clear and cruel, and every creak of the hull echoes louder in the stillness. Navigation becomes a desperate guess, and a gnawing uncertainty creeps into every decision.",
    "1": "2 | Massive Wave – A towering wall of water surges from the depths, blocking out the horizon like a mountain. It crashes down with brutal force, slamming the boat and flooding the deck. Supplies are scattered or lost, and only sheer luck keeps the vessel upright.",
    "2": "3 | Unrelenting Sun – The sky burns with no clouds for relief. Skin blisters, lips crack, and thoughts blur with each hour under the merciless heat. The wood of the boat radiates warmth, and the air is dry as bone.",
    "3": "4 | Drifting with No Wind – The sails hang limp. The sea is a mirror, perfectly still. Not even a breeze to stir the air. The boat rocks gently but goes nowhere. Every day that passes without motion frays the nerves.",
    "4": "5 | Violent Storm Approaching – The sky darkens, clouds churning and crawling across the horizon. Wind rises in sharp gusts. Distant lightning arcs between clouds. A wall of rain and roar bears down, and preparations must be made—if there’s time.",
    "5": "6 | Hull Breach – A low creaking sound betrays a split in the hull. Water seeps in steadily, pooling at the base of the boat. The leak is manageable for now, but it must be sealed before the waves exploit it.",
    "6": "7 | Dried-Out Water Supply – The last container is empty. Parched lips and a scratchy throat signal the creeping onset of dehydration. With no rain or land in sight, thirst becomes an urgent, rising danger.",
    "7": "8 | Unpredictable Currents – The boat drifts off course as unseen forces pull beneath the surface. Navigation tools show little help. Every hour of progress is undone by an invisible hand beneath the sea.",
    "8": "9 | Shark Follows the Boat – A sleek dorsal fin cuts silently through the waves behind the vessel. It never comes close, but it never disappears. Always circling. Waiting.",
    "9": "10 | Capsized – A rogue wave slams into the hull, flipping the vessel entirely. The world tumbles into chaos and seafoam. Belongings are scattered. The boat must be righted—if it isn’t already sinking.",
    "10": "11 | Dead Calm Waters – The ocean lies glassy and still. No ripples. No breeze. No bird overhead. The silence is so thick it feels unnatural. Even time seems to hesitate.",
    "11": "12 | Tangled in Kelp – Thick seaweed wraps around the legs or rudder like soft rope. It clings tightly, dragging, snagging, slowing movement. A struggle begins just to stay upright in the water.",
    "12": "13 | Food Spoiled – A familiar smell turns foul. Rations have rotted, soaked in seawater or turned with heat. The choice is starvation or risk. The hunger grows heavier with every hour.",
    "13": "14 | Distant Wreckage – Broken beams and torn canvas drift lazily nearby. No sign of who or what once used them. A warning in wood. Or a chance to scavenge.",
    "14": "15 | Razor-Sharp Coral – Beneath the calm water, hidden just below sight, jagged coral rises. One misstep, one misplaced anchor, and the boat could bleed out from beneath.",
    "15": "16 | Swarms of Stinging Jellyfish – Translucent bodies float beneath the surface, packed densely. A living net of pain that turns any attempt to swim or fish into a risk few would dare.",
    "16": "17 | Sea Fog Rolls In – Mist surrounds the boat in a pale cocoon. Visibility drops to arm’s length. The horizon disappears. The sense of direction fades. Even voices feel quieter here.",
    "17": "18 | Leaking Water Barrel – A slow drip at the base of the barrel goes unnoticed—until it doesn’t. Water seeps away steadily, darkening the wood below. Reserves drop.",
    "18": "19 | Night Without a Compass – Stars hidden by clouds, no moon, no landmarks. The darkness is full and unkind. Each direction looks the same. The vessel drifts, and the mind drifts with it.",
    "19": "20 | Dorsal Fins in the Distance – Dark shapes glide just beneath the waves in formation. They stay far enough not to be clear. But close enough to be a problem if they choose to turn.",
    "20": "21 | Floating Carcass – The bloated corpse of a massive sea creature bobs nearby, swarmed by birds and fish. Its flesh is torn, its eyes sunken. The stench carries far, and the water around it feels darker, heavier.",
    "21": "22 | Barnacle-Covered Hull – Sharp, heavy barnacles weigh down the hull. Progress slows with every passing hour. To remove them means diving under, scraping blindly in dark water—risking cuts and worse.",
    "22": "23 | Sudden Underwater Drop-Off – The seabed suddenly vanishes, plunging into bottomless black. The water cools. Shadows deepen. Every splash echoes strangely as if something stirs far beneath.",
    "23": "24 | Lightning Strikes the Water – A flash of blinding light, followed by a deafening crack. The strike hits close—too close. The boat rocks violently. Hair stands on end. The surface of the water hisses with charge.",
    "24": "25 | Torn Sail – A loud rip splits the air as wind tears through canvas. The sail flaps wildly, half-shredded. Speed drops. Control falters. Repairs must be done by hand, mid-storm or not.",
    "25": "26 | Dragged by a Rip Current – The sea churns below. Suddenly, the vessel veers off course. The current pulls sideways, then out—fast and strong. The rudder is useless. You’re going where the sea decides.",
    "26": "27 | Unsteady Makeshift Raft – Bound with scraps, the raft creaks and groans with each wave. It floats, barely. Every shift feels like it might collapse. One bad swell, and it’s over.",
    "27": "28 | Fever from Salt Poisoning – Dehydration won. The saltwater was drunk. Now the head spins, skin burns, and a sick sweat clings. Muscles twitch. Vision blurs. Every moment is a fight to stay awake.",
    "28": "29 | Endless Hunger – The stomach gnaws from the inside. Hands shake. Focus slips. Even dreams begin to taste like food. The body begins to feed on itself.",
    "29": "30 | Swallowed by a Wave – The sea rises and crashes down in one fluid motion. The boat is submerged in seconds. Up becomes down. Salt floods eyes and lungs. Everything goes white.",
    "30": "31 | Dark Shapes Beneath – Wide, slow shadows glide under the hull. Their size is immense, their movement silent. No details can be made out. They pass by—once.",
    "31": "32 | Choking on Seawater – A wave breaks the wrong way. A mouthful of saltwater floods the throat, burning raw. Coughing seizes the chest. Breathing becomes shallow and frantic.",
    "32": "33 | Echoing Whalesong – Low, distant sounds tremble through the hull—long, mournful calls. They seem to come from every direction. The air feels heavier, as if the sea itself were speaking.",
    "33": "34 | Rough Waters – The sea shifts violently. One moment it’s calm, the next it surges. The vessel bucks and creaks, rope snaps, gear spills. Standing is nearly impossible.",
    "34": "35 | Swarm of Fish Stirs the Water – A cloud of small fish explodes at the surface, silver flashes darting in panic. Something hunts below. Something bigger.",
    "35": "36 | Clothes Drenched, No Drying Sun – Every layer clings wet to skin. There’s no breeze, no warmth. Each step feels colder than the last. Shivers begin.",
    "36": "37 | Floating Mass of Dead Fish – Dozens—hundreds—of fish float lifelessly around the boat. Eyes blank. Bellies up. The air is thick with decay. No clue what killed them.",
    "37": "38 | Sharp Seashell Cut – A hidden shell underfoot slices deep. Blood blossoms into the sea. Salt stings the wound. Infection waits quietly nearby.",
    "38": "39 | Shipwreck Remains – Drifting wood, half a mast, rope tangled like seaweed. Signs of another journey that didn’t end well. The wreckage tells no story, but something might still be found.",
    "39": "40 | Deafening Silence – The sea is perfectly still. No waves. No birds. No creaks. The silence feels wrong—oppressive, too complete. Every sound made echoes far too loud.",
    "40": "41 | Fingers Numb from Cold Water – Every contact with the sea stings. Joints stiffen. Dexterity fades. Tools slip, knots go unfinished, and numbness spreads dangerously fast with each wave that crashes over.",
    "41": "42 | Looming Storm Wall – A black, monstrous wall of cloud builds on the far horizon. Thunder rolls across the water. The sea shifts beneath the boat, nervous, as if bracing. It’s coming, and it’s massive.",
    "42": "43 | Glowing Water at Night – The ocean comes alive with bioluminescent light. Every ripple and splash glows blue or green. It’s hauntingly beautiful, strange, and makes one wonder what else is watching beneath the glow.",
    "43": "44 | Tangled in Old Netting – Something snags at the legs underwater. A mess of knotted rope or forgotten net clings tightly. Each movement makes it worse. Struggling only draws it higher.",
    "44": "45 | Sudden Whirlpool – Without warning, the water begins to spin. A hollow forms at the centre, and the boat is pulled toward it. Wood groans. Escape is a matter of seconds—or not at all.",
    "45": "46 | Falling Overboard at Night – A slip, a bump, a misplaced step—and then cold water. The black surrounds everything. The boat drifts quickly out of reach. The sky is starless.",
    "46": "47 | Drifting into Shark Waters – The water churns ahead with fins and splashes. Dozens of predators feed in a frenzy. The air smells of blood and salt. Steering away may be too late.",
    "47": "48 | The Smell of Something Foul – A sour, thick stench rides the breeze. It turns the stomach and clings to the air. The source is nowhere to be seen. Or perhaps just beneath.",
    "48": "49 | Hull Infested with Sea Creatures – The wood creaks more than usual. Strange sloshes sound beneath the planks. Tiny holes appear—tunnels made by burrowing sea life. The foundation weakens.",
    "49": "50 | Unexpected Reef – A loud scrape jars the vessel. Something jagged tears along the hull just below the surface. The boat lists slightly. The damage is invisible—but it’s there.",
    "50": "51 | Sunset Without Sight of Land – The sun bleeds across the sky as it descends. But all around is still water. No shoreline. No sail. Just you, your vessel, and the deepening dark.",
    "51": "52 | Suspicious Floating Object – Something bobs in the waves—a barrel, a box, perhaps wreckage. Too intact to be discarded. It floats toward the boat, silent and unreadable.",
    "52": "53 | Ship's Shadow on the Horizon – A faint silhouette appears in the far distance. Just sails, barely visible. You can’t tell if it moves closer or further. Is it rescue—or something else?",
    "53": "54 | Salt Encrusted Skin – Salt cakes every joint and fold of skin. It itches, burns, and cracks with movement. Each touch stings. It’s like carrying the sea on your back.",
    "54": "55 | Stranded on a Bare Rock – The vessel reaches land—barely. Just a jagged outcrop above the waves. No shelter. No trees. Only wet stone, biting wind, and a new kind of stillness.",
    "55": "56 | Eerie Feeling of Being Watched – A shiver. A glance behind. Nothing there, but the hairs on your arms stand tall. The sea is too quiet. Something is out there.",
    "56": "57 | A Harpoon Stuck in Driftwood – A gnarled chunk of wood floats by, pierced through with a rusted harpoon. Faded rope clings to it. Dried blood stains the side. Someone hunted recently.",
    "57": "58 | Leg Cramp While Swimming – A jolt of pain locks the muscles tight. The limb goes deadweight. Every stroke becomes harder. Panic creeps in as your head slips below the surface.",
    "58": "59 | Endless Horizon – The world is ocean and sky, indistinguishable. No matter where you turn, the view remains the same. Time loses meaning. Distance becomes abstract.",
    "59": "60 | A Handprint on the Wet Planks – Fresh. Distinct. A human handprint pressed into the damp wood. But you are alone—and the print is too recent to ignore."
  }
}
