{
  "name": "Quick Man Appearances",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Towering and broad-shouldered, built like a fortress. His thick, muscular frame commands attention, and his heavy brow gives him a permanently serious expression. His hair is short and practical, his jaw squared and strong, as if chiseled from stone.",
    "1": "2 | Lean and wiry, his frame built for speed rather than brute strength. His sharp features and quick eyes give him an air of restless energy. His hair is slightly unkempt, like he’s always moving too fast to bother fixing it.",
    "2": "3 | Rugged and weathered, with deep lines carved into his face by experience. His piercing eyes hold an intensity that makes others hesitate, and his salt-and-pepper beard gives him an air of wisdom and grit.",
    "3": "4 | Slender with long limbs, carrying himself with an almost feline grace. His sharp cheekbones and angular jaw give him a striking look, and his slightly tousled hair always looks like he’s just come in from the wind.",
    "4": "5 | Heavy-set and imposing, with a thick beard and eyes that seem to miss nothing. His presence is quiet but unshakable, and his movements are slow and deliberate, like someone who never wastes energy.",
    "5": "6 | Tall and broad-chested, with the build of a laborer or warrior. His hands are calloused, his arms thick with muscle, and his deep voice rumbles when he speaks. His jaw is set firm, as if he’s used to standing his ground.",
    "6": "7 | Compact and powerful, his strength packed into a smaller frame. His intense gaze and tightly coiled energy make him seem ready to spring into action at any moment. His short-cropped hair is practical, and his quick smirk always carries a hint of mischief.",
    "7": "8 | Elegant and refined, with high cheekbones and piercing eyes. His posture is perfect, and his smooth voice is both commanding and persuasive. His long fingers move with precision, and his tailored clothing never has a single wrinkle.",
    "8": "9 | Rough and unshaven, his face always shadowed with stubble. His clothes are slightly worn, his hair perpetually messy, and he carries himself with a lazy confidence that makes him seem effortlessly cool.",
    "9": "10 | Lanky with a quiet intensity, his sharp eyes always watching. His fingers tap against surfaces absentmindedly, as if constantly thinking, and his movements are subtle but deliberate.",
    "10": "11 | Strong and statuesque, with deep-set eyes and a firm jaw. His every step is purposeful, and his neatly styled hair suggests discipline. There’s an air of command about him that makes others instinctively listen when he speaks.",
    "11": "12 | Short and stocky, built like a boulder. His broad chest and thick arms make up for his height, and his gruff, no-nonsense attitude adds to his presence. His close-cropped beard is as practical as the rest of him.",
    "12": "13 | Slender and poised, his expression always thoughtful. His long, straight hair is neatly tucked behind his ears, his thin lips often pressed together in contemplation. His every movement seems measured and precise.",
    "13": "14 | Rugged with an air of effortless charisma. His tousled hair, easy smirk, and the glint in his eye make him impossible to ignore. He moves with the confidence of someone who knows exactly what he’s doing—whether or not that’s actually true.",
    "14": "15 | Scarred and worn, his face telling the story of countless battles. His nose has been broken at least once, and his rough, calloused hands speak of hard labor or years of combat.",
    "15": "16 | Broad-shouldered with a bear-like presence. His thick arms and barrel chest make him an imposing figure, but his deep laughter and kind eyes reveal a gentler side beneath the intimidating exterior.",
    "16": "17 | Lithe and sharp-featured, his energy always on the verge of boiling over. His movements are quick and calculated, and his tousled hair is often brushed back with an impatient hand.",
    "17": "18 | Tall with long, elegant limbs and an aristocratic air. His refined posture and immaculate appearance give him a composed presence, but his piercing gaze holds a quiet, unreadable depth.",
    "18": "19 | Heavyset and warm, his face often split by an easy grin. His thick, curly hair matches the fullness of his round cheeks, and his expressive eyes shine with humor and kindness.",
    "19": "20 | Leaning on the gaunt side, with deep, calculating eyes. His movements are slow and deliberate, and his thin, clever fingers are constantly at work—fiddling with something or making small, unconscious gestures.",
    "20": "21 | Stocky and square-faced, with a perpetual five o’clock shadow. His thick arms make him look like he could lift twice his weight without effort, and his no-nonsense expression gives him an air of unshakable reliability.",
    "21": "22 | Sleek and effortlessly composed, his dark eyes missing nothing. His perfectly maintained hair and impeccably trimmed beard make him look sharp and put-together, but there’s something calculating behind his smooth exterior.",
    "22": "23 | Hardened and quiet, his expressions kept minimal but purposeful. His strong jaw and short-cropped hair match his practical, no-frills demeanor. When he speaks, it’s only because he has something worth saying.",
    "23": "24 | Scruffy and absent-minded, with the air of someone lost in his own thoughts. His shaggy hair is often in need of a trim, and his half-buttoned shirt gives him an unkempt but strangely endearing look.",
    "24": "25 | Built like a wall, his muscles layered thick beneath his clothes. His solid stance and squared shoulders make him look immovable, and his steady voice only adds to his aura of authority.",
    "25": "26 | Narrow-shouldered and always hunched slightly, as if trying not to take up space. His wiry frame moves with quick efficiency, and his sharp, narrow features make him seem perpetually skeptical.",
    "26": "27 | Refined and almost unnervingly calm, his pale eyes seeming to miss nothing. His expression rarely changes, and his soft-spoken words always seem carefully chosen.",
    "27": "28 | Rough around the edges, but exuding effortless confidence. His short, choppy hair looks like he cut it himself, and the way he carries himself suggests he doesn’t much care what others think.",
    "28": "29 | Sinewy and tough, built like a survivalist. His skin is weathered from the elements, and his hair is perpetually disheveled. His quiet intensity makes him feel like someone who’s always a step ahead.",
    "29": "30 | Plump with a strong presence, his expressive face always alive with emotion. His thick hands move constantly as he speaks, and his deep voice is filled with warmth and authority.",
    "30": "31 | Slender and ghostly pale, as if he belongs to another time. His quiet demeanor makes him seem almost ethereal, and his smooth, perfectly groomed hair only adds to his strangely timeless appearance.",
    "31": "32 | Burly and bearded, with a laugh that shakes the room. His wild hair and thick, muscular arms make him look like someone who enjoys both battle and celebration in equal measure.",
    "32": "33 | Tall and thin, with an air of perpetual exhaustion. His sunken eyes and slightly disheveled appearance make him look like he hasn’t slept in days, yet there’s an undeniable sharpness in his gaze.",
    "33": "34 | Dignified and composed, with an air of nobility. His neatly combed hair, pressed clothing, and smooth voice make him seem effortlessly refined, but there’s steel beneath the surface.",
    "34": "35 | Square-jawed with thick eyebrows that furrow in deep thought. His dark, piercing eyes are always assessing, and his measured words give the impression of someone who speaks only when necessary.",
    "35": "36 | Towering and intimidating, his broad frame wrapped in corded muscle. His jaw is square, his nose slightly crooked from an old break, and his short, practical haircut does little to soften his severe features. When he speaks, his deep voice commands immediate attention.",
    "36": "37 | Lean and angular, with a long, gaunt face that gives him a striking presence. His hair is slicked back, revealing sharp cheekbones and intense eyes that rarely blink. He has an air of someone who watches, calculates, and moves only when necessary.",
    "37": "38 | Short but solid, with a thick neck and powerful arms. His close-cropped hair and heavyset features give him a no-nonsense look, and the faint scars along his knuckles suggest he’s no stranger to using his fists.",
    "38": "39 | Lanky and bookish, with an awkward but endearing presence. His round glasses slide down his nose when he concentrates, and his long fingers constantly twitch as if eager to be busy. His messy hair falls into his eyes, despite his frequent attempts to push it back.",
    "39": "40 | Handsome and effortlessly charming, with a warm, open face. His well-kept hair and easy smile make him instantly likeable, but his sharp, knowing eyes hint at a mind that’s always one step ahead.",
    "40": "41 | Powerfully built, with thick shoulders and a chest like a battering ram. His jaw is perpetually clenched, his expression intense, and his buzzed hair does nothing to soften his fearsome aura. People tend to step aside when he walks into a room.",
    "41": "42 | Thin but wiry, his sharp features giving him a hungry look. His deep-set eyes flicker with intelligence, and his slightly hooked nose adds to his sharp, birdlike appearance. His long fingers are always in motion, as if he’s plotting his next move.",
    "42": "43 | Broad-chested with a full, well-groomed beard that adds to his imposing aura. His thick brows shadow deep-set eyes, and his low, gravelly voice makes every word seem heavier than it should.",
    "43": "44 | Rough and world-weary, his face marked with fine lines from years of experience. His unkempt hair is streaked with silver, though his frame remains strong and his posture upright. His calm, steady presence makes him feel like someone worth listening to.",
    "44": "45 | Slender and elegant, with delicate, almost aristocratic features. His smooth skin, well-manicured hands, and perfectly tailored clothing suggest a life of refinement, though the calculating gleam in his eyes hints at something far sharper beneath the surface.",
    "45": "46 | Stocky and compact, built like a wrestler. His face is square and solid, his thick eyebrows always slightly furrowed in thought. His close-cropped beard gives him a rugged look, and his voice carries the weight of authority.",
    "46": "47 | Eccentric and wild-looking, with untamed hair that sticks up in every direction. His wide eyes dart around constantly, missing nothing, and his rapid speech gives the impression of someone whose thoughts race faster than his words can keep up.",
    "47": "48 | Tall and weathered, his features etched with lines of experience. His greying temples and neatly trimmed beard give him a dignified look, while his calm and measured voice commands attention without ever needing to be raised.",
    "48": "49 | Burly with thick, ropey arms, his chest broad enough to block doorways. His unruly beard and rough-hewn features make him look like he belongs outdoors, his deep voice carrying the strength of someone who has spent a lifetime working with his hands.",
    "49": "50 | Sinewy and dangerous-looking, with a body built more for speed than strength. His narrowed eyes and thin lips rarely reveal his emotions, and his short, messy hair looks as if it was cut with a knife rather than scissors.",
    "50": "51 | Thick-bodied with a strong jaw and a permanent five o’clock shadow. His rugged features make him look perpetually worn but never weak, and his heavy-lidded eyes give him the air of someone who has seen more than his fair share of trouble.",
    "51": "52 | Slim and sleek, moving with fluid precision. His sharp features and almost feline grace make him seem like someone who never truly lets his guard down. His perfectly styled hair suggests a preference for control in all things.",
    "52": "53 | Wide-shouldered and heavyset, his face round but his build solid. His warm smile is quick to appear, his deep laughter infectious, though there’s an underlying strength that makes it clear he’s not someone to underestimate.",
    "53": "54 | Gaunt and haunted-looking, with dark circles under his piercing eyes. His high cheekbones and sharp nose give him an almost skeletal appearance, and his thin, restless hands betray nervous energy. He rarely speaks, but when he does, people listen.",
    "54": "55 | Compact and powerful, his every movement deliberate. His hair is cropped close, his strong brow casting shadows over calculating eyes. His sharp, angular features make him look perpetually on edge, as if ready for the next challenge.",
    "55": "56 | Broad and bear-like, his sheer size making him a formidable presence. His full beard is thick and untamed, matching the wild curls on his head. Despite his intimidating build, his soft eyes and deep laughter reveal a gentler side.",
    "56": "57 | Sharp-featured with an unreadable expression, his thin lips rarely forming a smile. His hair is always perfectly in place, his clothing meticulously arranged. He moves with an effortless precision, as if every action is carefully planned.",
    "57": "58 | Muscular and compact, with a body that looks sculpted for endurance. His rough hands and sun-kissed skin tell of a life spent outdoors, and his piercing gaze makes it clear he’s no stranger to hard decisions.",
    "58": "59 | Tall and brooding, his face framed by loose waves of dark hair. His deep-set eyes carry a weight of quiet sorrow, though his strong jaw and firm stance suggest someone who refuses to be broken.",
    "59": "60 | Regal and striking, his angular features lending him an air of nobility. His perfectly composed expression and carefully measured speech give him an aura of effortless authority, as if he belongs in the presence of power."
  }
}
