{
  "name": "Sci-Fi Places of Refuge in Space",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | The Drifting Ark – A colossal derelict generation ship, its engines long dead, floating between stars. Though its mission failed centuries ago, its artificial biosphere remains intact, a thriving jungle growing beneath a shattered glass dome. Oxygen is plentiful, and deep within its halls, stasis pods remain active, their occupants in perfect slumber, waiting to be awakened.",
    "1": "2 | The Eclipse Station – A space station hidden within the shadow of a massive gas giant, its exterior completely dark to avoid detection. Though the station appears abandoned, automated life-support systems still function. The halls are quiet, save for the occasional flickering of old security messages warning of intruders that no longer exist.",
    "2": "3 | The Starborn Monastery – A floating temple built into an asteroid, its walls lined with inscriptions from a dozen lost civilisations. Gravity stabilisers keep it habitable, and a ring of solar panels provides endless power. A few remaining monks drift through the silent halls, offering shelter to any who arrive seeking peace.",
    "3": "4 | The Nebula Haven – A rogue planet drifting inside a swirling nebula, its sky glowing with violet and blue auroras. Though it lacks a natural atmosphere, strange rock formations emit breathable gases, creating safe zones where travellers can rest without environmental suits. The nebula’s radiation prevents most long-range scans, making it an ideal place to disappear.",
    "4": "5 | The Phantom Dock – A hidden docking station inside the hollowed remains of a shattered moon. Once a pirate stronghold, it now lies abandoned, its corridors silent but fully functional. Pre-recorded messages still play over the intercom, warning of approaching hostiles, though no one remains to hear them.",
    "5": "6 | The Warden’s Vigil – A long-forgotten warship, its exterior battle-scarred but structurally intact. The onboard AI, originally programmed for warfare, has since rewritten its purpose to protect stranded travellers. Automated defences remain active, but they only target threats, allowing safe passage to those in need.",
    "6": "7 | The Frozen Spire – A jagged asteroid locked in orbit around a dying white dwarf, its tunnels filled with crystallised water and frozen oxygen reserves. While the surface is inhospitable, deep within the asteroid, geothermal vents keep certain chambers warm, providing a rare source of natural shelter in deep space.",
    "7": "8 | The Silent Echo – A derelict space cruiser, its artificial gravity still operational, but its communications completely severed. Its final distress call was sent centuries ago, yet the ship’s food stores remain fresh, its power core stable, as if frozen in time.",
    "8": "9 | The Hollow World – A planet-sized construct hidden in deep space, its surface appearing barren while its true refuge lies within. Beneath the crust, vast artificial caverns hold remnants of an extinct species’ last sanctuary, where self-sustaining power grids and environmental systems remain intact.",
    "9": "10 | The Gravity Well Sanctuary – A station built within the accretion disk of a black hole, its orbit perfectly stabilised to prevent spaghettification. Time dilation effects allow those who rest here to spend days without losing more than minutes in real-time, making it an ideal retreat for those needing to evade pursuit.",
    "10": "11 | The Asteroid Refuge – A small outpost carved into an asteroid, shielded from detection by the surrounding debris field. Its origins are unknown, but its hydroponic gardens remain operational, producing food and oxygen for anyone who stumbles upon it.",
    "11": "12 | The Broken Moon Colony – A settlement built within the fractured remains of a moon, its sections held together by magnetic walkways. Though much of the colony is in ruins, underground tunnels remain pressurised, providing a safe haven for those who know where to look.",
    "12": "13 | The Eclipse Outpost – A research station positioned within the umbra of a rogue planet, completely invisible to scans due to its positioning. The original scientists vanished, but their data cores remain, still tracking deep-space anomalies.",
    "13": "14 | The Dust Haven – A station floating within the upper atmosphere of a gas giant, using enormous stabilisers to remain intact. Constant storms rage outside, but within, the station remains a peaceful retreat for those who know how to navigate the turbulent entry.",
    "14": "15 | The Derelict Hive – A ruined alien vessel, its walls made of strange, organic material that still pulses faintly. Though its former inhabitants are long gone, the ship remains partially operational, self-repairing and keeping oxygen levels stable for any who enter.",
    "15": "16 | The Time-Locked Relay – A damaged relay station trapped in a time dilation bubble. Those who enter find that hours inside equal days outside, making it an invaluable yet dangerous place for those trying to escape pursuit.",
    "16": "17 | The Midnight Drift – A rogue station floating beyond the known star charts, its exterior covered in thick layers of ice. The halls are filled with holographic projections of its former crew, endlessly repeating their final transmissions before the station was abandoned.",
    "17": "18 | The Maw of the Titan – A hollowed-out section of a colossal space leviathan’s remains, its bones fused with ancient shipwrecks. Though its biological components have long decayed, strange bio-electric fields still pulse within, providing power and warmth.",
    "18": "19 | The Shattered Prism – A fractured crystalline satellite, its floating shards held together by unknown energy. At its core, a breathable chamber naturally filters toxins, creating an oasis in deep space.",
    "19": "20 | The Forgotten Colony Ship – A derelict colony vessel drifting silently, its population long gone. Though the cryo-pods are empty, the ship’s automated caretakers still function, preparing meals and tending to empty halls as if waiting for their colonists to return.",
    "20": "21 | The Vaulted Spire – A vertical station hidden within a comet’s core, perfectly shielded by layers of ice. Though rarely visited, its environmental systems still function, keeping its oxygen levels stable and its storage units stocked.",
    "21": "22 | The Celestial Dockyard – A forgotten shipyard orbiting a dead planet, its skeletal frames of unfinished vessels still providing valuable shelter. Some ships remain nearly complete, waiting for someone to finish them.",
    "22": "23 | The Infinity Chasm – A station built within the shattered remains of a planet, where gravity anomalies keep floating fragments perfectly suspended. Those who navigate it properly can find entire pressurised sections still intact.",
    "23": "24 | The Phantom Port – A docking station that phases in and out of reality, appearing only once every planetary cycle. No one knows where it goes when it vanishes, but those who leave before it disappears never find it again.",
    "24": "25 | The Veil Station – A science outpost hidden within dense radiation clouds, its walls shielded from detection. It is unknown whether its inhabitants abandoned it or simply vanished.",
    "25": "26 | The Titan’s Remnant – A derelict dreadnought, fused with the wreckage of hundreds of other ships from an ancient war. Its hull still holds breathable sections, while its silent corridors echo with memories of past battles.",
    "26": "27 | The Cryo Vault – A deep-space storage facility containing thousands of unclaimed cryo-pods, some still functional. The identities of those within are unknown, and accessing the logs reveals only encrypted files.",
    "27": "28 | The Lunar Rift – A fractured moon with an abandoned mining facility still clinging to the surface. Strange energy readings pulse deep within the tunnels, as if something dormant is waiting to awaken.",
    "28": "29 | The Nexus Shrine – A temple-like structure orbiting a pulsar, seemingly immune to radiation. Its interior is carved with unknown symbols, and strange lights flicker at its core, pulsing in time with the star’s emissions.",
    "29": "30 | The Echo Relay – A communication station still transmitting distress signals from centuries ago. Those who listen closely hear voices that should not exist, whispering fragments of unknown messages.",
    "30": "31 | The Solitude Array – A deep-space research satellite that still orbits a dying star, its solar panels cracked but functional. Though the original scientists left long ago, the station’s AI still welcomes visitors, offering filtered oxygen and a quiet, sterile environment.",
    "31": "32 | The Charon Drift – A series of abandoned freighters caught in a slow-moving asteroid field. The ships are too damaged to fly, but some hold intact cargo bays with preserved supplies, while others still have flickering emergency lights, casting eerie shadows in their empty halls.",
    "32": "33 | The Stormglass Vault – A hidden shelter built inside the ice core of a frozen exoplanet. Pressurised tunnels lead to a geothermal chamber where heat vents keep the air breathable. The walls glow with frozen lightning, an anomaly that crackles but never burns.",
    "33": "34 | The Horizon Bastion – A mobile station built into an asteroid, following a perfect orbit around a rogue planet. Automated sentry drones still patrol its corridors, but their programming has degraded, making them unreliable. The station itself remains stable, offering shelter to those willing to take the risk.",
    "34": "35 | The Voidspire – A massive, needle-like station drifting near the edge of a nebula, its dark metal hull absorbing most scans. Though its origins are unknown, it remains powered, its docking bays opening only for ships that transmit an ancient, forgotten code.",
    "35": "36 | The Oracle’s Nest – A satellite filled with strange, ever-shifting data, its computers still crunching numbers on star patterns and deep-space anomalies. While the station itself is a mess of tangled cables and decaying walls, it remains warm and breathable, and those who rest here sometimes wake with visions of distant worlds.",
    "36": "37 | The Sunken Cradle – A facility buried beneath the surface of an ocean planet, its pressure domes still intact. Originally designed as a research outpost, its labs now stand empty, their glass corridors giving way to endless dark waters where unidentified creatures drift just beyond view.",
    "37": "38 | The Blackout Beacon – A communication relay station that lost its original function but remains active in a different way. Instead of transmitting, it absorbs all surrounding signals, creating a dead zone in which no one can be tracked. Deep within, emergency rations and basic supplies remain untouched.",
    "38": "39 | The Rift Cloister – A temple-like structure built into the husk of a long-dead Dyson sphere, its windows gazing out at the broken remnants of a once-great megastructure. The low hum of ancient reactors still vibrates through the floor, keeping the inner chambers warm and protected.",
    "39": "40 | The Eclipsed Vault – A hidden facility orbiting a black hole at the perfect event-horizon distance to remain stable. The station has no communications, no distress signals, yet all systems function as if someone—something—still maintains them.",
    "40": "41 | The Pulse Core Refuge – A spherical station locked within the gravity well of a pulsar, its reinforced hull the only thing protecting it from the star’s deadly bursts. While risky, the pulses disrupt tracking scans, making it an ideal place to hide.",
    "41": "42 | The Broken Wheel – A massive space station shattered in an ancient battle, its ringed structure partially collapsed but still rotating. Entire sections remain pressurised, and artificial gravity functions in erratic cycles, making for a disorienting yet viable shelter.",
    "42": "43 | The Echoing Vault – A bunker-like installation built inside a hollow asteroid, its walls lined with resonance chambers that mimic the effects of sound. Voices spoken inside seem to repeat at random intervals, creating the illusion of unseen occupants.",
    "43": "44 | The Stasis Graveyard – A drifting convoy of cryo-ships, their original crews never waking. The pods are still active, their inhabitants frozen in time. The central life-support system runs flawlessly, providing oxygen and warmth, but no logs remain to explain what happened.",
    "44": "45 | The Singularity Bastion – A floating fortress built on the event horizon of an artificial singularity. Though the station itself is shielded, the distortion outside creates strange anomalies, making time and space feel subtly warped. Those who leave the station sometimes find more time has passed than they expected.",
    "45": "46 | The Phantom Observatory – A derelict observation platform positioned near a wormhole. Though its main systems are offline, a lone automated beacon still transmits warnings of anomalies that have long since vanished. The station's main dome provides a spectacular, unobstructed view of the swirling void beyond.",
    "46": "47 | The Relic Spire – A towering, rusted station built by an unknown civilisation, its interior eerily silent. Though ancient, it still filters breathable air and maintains gravity, as if its creators built it to endure forever. Strange geometric symbols shift on the walls, their meanings unknown.",
    "47": "48 | The Omega Drift – A cluster of damaged escape pods locked in mutual orbit, each one with failing systems but enough combined resources to sustain a small group of survivors. Though none of the pods have engines, their stabilisers keep them from drifting apart.",
    "48": "49 | The Ghost Lattice – A web of metallic structures drifting in deep space, a failed attempt at constructing an artificial planet. Though incomplete, portions of the lattice contain habitable pressurised domes, their lights flickering as if someone still walks their empty halls.",
    "49": "50 | The Nomad’s Haven – A rogue station that moves unpredictably through the cosmos, appearing at different coordinates every few months. No one knows who built it, but inside, it’s stocked with supplies, fresh water, and fully functioning rest areas. Though completely uninhabited, its systems reboot every time a visitor arrives, as if waiting for their return."
  }
}
