{
  "name": "Sci-Fi Space-Based Environmental Points of Interes",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Derelict Space Station – A massive, decaying space station drifts silently in the void, its outer hull riddled with impact scars. Faint lights flicker sporadically from within, and the faint hum of life support systems can still be heard.",
    "1": "2 | Asteroid Mining Facility – A cluster of industrial rigs cling to a hollowed-out asteroid, their machinery still grinding away. Abandoned mining drones float aimlessly, and faint signals from the central hub call for assistance.",
    "2": "3 | Wrecked Battleship – A colossal warship torn in half by an ancient battle. The interior is strewn with debris, floating lifelessly in zero gravity. Scorch marks and melted plating hint at devastating weaponry used against it.",
    "3": "4 | Frozen Comet – A shimmering, ice-covered comet slowly tumbles through space, its crystalline surface glowing faintly in the starlight. Strange markings appear etched deep into its icy core.",
    "4": "5 | Abandoned Research Vessel – A sleek ship drifts aimlessly, its engine lights extinguished. The interior is pristine but eerily empty, with logs detailing an experiment gone terribly wrong.",
    "5": "6 | Space Graveyard – A dense field of shattered starships and twisted metal drifts in orbit around a gas giant. The remnants of a great battle, occasional bursts of static come from the wrecks.",
    "6": "7 | Ancient Beacon – A towering alien structure floats in the darkness, pulsing with rhythmic, multicoloured lights. Its purpose is unclear, but faint messages in an unknown language broadcast from within.",
    "7": "8 | Orbital Debris Ring – A shimmering belt of debris encircles a desolate planet, with shattered satellites and twisted station parts reflecting the light of the nearby star. Navigation through it is perilous but potentially rewarding.",
    "8": "9 | Rogue Artificial Intelligence – A sleek, black probe glides silently through the stars, its surface etched with alien runes. It reacts to any nearby vessels with caution or hostility, as though guarding something.",
    "9": "10 | Derelict Colony Ship – A gargantuan colony vessel drifts lifelessly. Its hull is overgrown with strange, crystalline formations, and its cryogenic pods remain sealed, faintly glowing with life.",
    "10": "11 | Binary Star Singularity – Two stars orbit one another, throwing off massive streams of plasma and light. Between them, a swirling vortex hints at the presence of a black hole pulling at their fiery embrace.",
    "11": "12 | Refuelling Station Ruins – A long-abandoned refuelling station orbits a barren moon, its fuel tanks punctured and leaking trails of frozen gas. The docking arms still extend, beckoning passing ships.",
    "12": "13 | Abandoned Science Array – A ring of high-tech satellites orbits a desolate planet, their sensors still gathering data. Occasional flashes of light indicate a working power core, but their purpose remains unknown.",
    "13": "14 | Artificial Moon – A smooth, metallic sphere orbits a distant planet, its surface pockmarked with ancient impacts. Scanning reveals faint power signatures within, and a docking port remains operational.",
    "14": "15 | Starship Dockyard – An immense dockyard hangs in geostationary orbit, its once-bustling structure now devoid of workers. Partially constructed vessels remain tethered, their interiors stripped of life.",
    "15": "16 | Energy Rift – A swirling, iridescent rift glows against the blackness of space, expelling tendrils of energy that ripple through the vacuum. The surrounding area is littered with fragments of unidentifiable material.",
    "16": "17 | Planetary Defense Platform – A heavily armed station floats in low orbit, its weapons long silent. Its turrets follow approaching vessels, suggesting it still functions but without clear intent.",
    "17": "18 | Alien Solar Farm – A vast array of gleaming solar panels orbits a dim star. The panels shift to track the faint light, and occasional bursts of energy arc between them, illuminating strange, geometric patterns.",
    "18": "19 | Cargo Freighter Wreck – A massive freighter drifts in space, its cargo containers spilling out behind it like breadcrumbs. Some crates appear intact, while others float open, revealing strange goods.",
    "19": "20 | Ancient Star Gate – A massive, ring-like structure floats in deep space, its surface engraved with alien glyphs. Dim lights occasionally flicker across its edge, and strange energy signatures pulse from within its core.",
    "20": "21 | Ice Moon Fragments – A shattered moon drifts through space, its icy shards reflecting the light of a distant sun. Strange thermal signatures suggest something alive or active among the debris.",
    "21": "22 | Rogue Asteroid Cluster – A fast-moving group of asteroids hurtles through the void, their surfaces glittering with rare minerals. Strange, crystalline growths pulse faintly on several of the larger rocks.",
    "22": "23 | Solar Flare Station – A small station orbits precariously close to a volatile star, its shielding barely holding against the periodic flares. The surrounding area is bathed in intense radiation and searing light.",
    "23": "24 | Nebula Pocket – A dense, glowing nebula of swirling colours envelops the area, making navigation treacherous. Strange anomalies flicker in the distance, their forms constantly shifting in the gaseous haze.",
    "24": "25 | Exiled Artificial Colony – A self-sustaining station with advanced technology drifts away from all known territories. It appears functional, but automated defenses and eerie silence suggest it has been abandoned for centuries.",
    "25": "26 | Spinning Observation Drone – A small, damaged drone spins endlessly, broadcasting garbled transmissions. It appears to be scanning for something or someone, its erratic movements making it hard to predict.",
    "26": "27 | Gravity Anomaly – A sphere of warped space floats ahead, its gravitational pull dragging nearby objects into a slow, spiraling orbit. Time feels distorted within its vicinity, and electronic systems malfunction.",
    "27": "28 | Alien Seed Ship – A living starship, its organic surface pulsing faintly, drifts serenely through the cosmos. Its interior appears to contain biological pods designed to terraform planets.",
    "28": "29 | Plasma Storm Field – A violent area of space riddled with bolts of multicoloured plasma that dance chaotically through the vacuum. Ships must navigate carefully to avoid being fried by the unstable energy.",
    "29": "30 | Orbital Scrapfield – An immense ring of metallic debris orbits a gas giant, remnants of long-destroyed satellites and starships. Hidden within the junk are salvageable treasures, but also dangerous hazards.",
    "30": "31 | Derelict Medical Ship – A once-sterile medical frigate floats quietly in deep space. Its lights flicker faintly, and strange, unidentifiable life signs pulse weakly from within.",
    "31": "32 | Dead Star Outpost – A lone station drifts around a black dwarf, its systems powered down. The surrounding region is unnervingly cold, and faint whispers seem to echo across comm channels.",
    "32": "33 | Crystal Asteroid – A massive asteroid sparkles with translucent crystals. Scanning reveals the crystals contain complex data patterns, as though they serve as a storage device.",
    "33": "34 | Abandoned Prison Barge – A heavily armoured ship floats derelict, its cells still sealed. Rusted chains and broken containment pods drift in zero gravity, hinting at a catastrophic breach.",
    "34": "35 | Alien Harvest Drone – A massive drone resembling a mechanical insect glides through space, gathering and vaporising fragments of asteroids. Its programming remains intact, though it seems oblivious to anything else.",
    "35": "36 | Hollowed-Out Star – A massive star long since burned out reveals a hollow core, its interior filled with mysterious machinery and glowing conduits. The area feels eerily timeless.",
    "36": "37 | Fuel Refinery Station – A small orbital refinery floats silently, its pipes frozen and tanks empty. Scanning reveals faint traces of volatile compounds still present within the facility.",
    "37": "38 | Luminescent Gas Cloud – A drifting pocket of glowing gas, constantly shifting in colour and density, pulses faintly with a rhythmic beat. Sensors pick up strange patterns within the gas, resembling artificial signals.",
    "38": "39 | Ancient Satellite Cluster – A group of ancient satellites orbits a desolate planet. Their rusting frames occasionally flicker with faint energy, as though holding onto the last remnants of their purpose.",
    "39": "40 | Interstellar Iceberg – A massive block of ice drifts through space, glittering in the starlight. Scans reveal deep caverns within, containing trapped gases and frozen alien organisms.",
    "40": "41 | Damaged Star Liner – A luxurious passenger ship floats abandoned, its windows shattered and elegant corridors eerily empty. Personal belongings float aimlessly, hinting at a rushed evacuation.",
    "41": "42 | Alien Repair Station – A small, cube-like station rotates slowly, its surface crawling with robotic arms that appear to maintain its structural integrity. It hums softly as energy flows through its conduits.",
    "42": "43 | Microgravity Colony Pod – A self-contained habitation pod floats quietly in the void, its surface marred by debris impacts. The interior appears intact, with oxygen and water still circulating.",
    "43": "44 | Gravity-Drift Beacon – A lone beacon drifts in an unstable gravity field, pulsing regularly with bursts of orange light. Ships passing nearby experience minor but noticeable gravitational anomalies.",
    "44": "45 | Abandoned Luxury Yacht – A sleek, extravagant starship rests silently in orbit, its interior untouched. Richly decorated rooms and advanced systems suggest it belonged to the wealthy elite.",
    "45": "46 | Alien Organic Reef – A sprawling reef of bioluminescent organic matter floats in deep space. It pulses gently, and small creatures flit through its tendrils. Scans indicate it is slowly growing.",
    "46": "47 | Orbital Blacksite – A secretive station locked in geosynchronous orbit above a barren moon. Its stealth shielding flickers intermittently, revealing weapon emplacements and signs of high-security research.",
    "47": "48 | Solar Collector Array – A vast network of interconnected solar panels collects energy from a nearby star, its conduits glowing with power. Automated defenses protect the facility from scavengers.",
    "48": "49 | Magnetic Flux Field – An invisible field of magnetic anomalies pulls metallic debris into tight orbits. The closer you approach, the stronger the pull, threatening to overwhelm your ship’s systems.",
    "49": "50 | Cosmic Void Anomaly – A region of space utterly devoid of light or stars, absorbing all electromagnetic signals. Entering the anomaly causes sensors to fail, and a deep sense of dread seems to permeate the area."
  }
}
