{"name":"Middle Ages/Medieval Quick NPCs","type":"simple","entries":{"0":"1 | Male, middle-aged. Broad-shouldered with a thick beard and a permanent scowl. A grizzled blacksmith who forges weapons for lords and mercenaries alike. Wears a soot-stained apron and carries a hammer at his side.","1":"2 | Female, young adult. Slender with sun-kissed skin and tangled brown hair. A wandering bard who sings of battles and lost loves. Wears a faded green cloak and carries a well-worn lute.","2":"3 | Male, elderly. Frail but sharp-eyed with thinning white hair and a twisted spine. A village elder known for his wisdom and occasional cruelty. Wears a simple wool robe and leans on an intricately carved cane.","3":"4 | Female, teenager. Thin with a nervous energy and darting eyes. A pickpocket who grew up in the streets. Wears a patched-up tunic and never removes the dagger strapped to her thigh.","4":"5 | Male, adult. Tall and wiry with long, unkempt hair. A wandering knight who has abandoned his vows. Wears battered chainmail and a tattered surcoat bearing a faded sigil.","5":"6 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with a round face and strong arms. A no-nonsense innkeeper who tolerates no foolishness in her establishment. Wears a stained apron and always carries a wooden ladle like a weapon.","6":"7 | Male, young adult. Lanky with sharp features and a silver tongue. A conman who preys on the gullible. Wears a fine tunic that is slightly too clean for someone of his supposed station.","7":"8 | Female, elderly. Hunched with wild white hair and piercing grey eyes. A village herbalist who is both respected and feared. Wears a patchwork shawl filled with pouches of dried herbs.","8":"9 | Male, teenager. Small and scrappy with dirt-streaked cheeks. A stable boy who dreams of adventure. Wears a ragged tunic and is always barefoot.","9":"10 | Female, adult. Graceful with deep brown eyes and high cheekbones. A noblewoman who secretly aids rebels. Wears a fine velvet dress but hides a dagger beneath her cloak.","10":"11 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a large, crooked nose and a deep laugh. A merchant who has dealings in both legitimate and illicit trades. Wears expensive but slightly worn clothing.","11":"12 | Female, young adult. Slender with quick hands and sharper instincts. A thief who can climb castle walls like a spider. Wears a dark hooded cloak and soft leather boots.","12":"13 | Male, elderly. Bent with a permanently sour expression and a voice like rusted iron. A miserly tax collector. Wears a fine tunic but has a dagger hidden in his belt.","13":"14 | Female, teenager. Tall with a strong build and calloused hands. A farmer’s daughter who has taken up her father’s plough after his passing. Wears a rough linen tunic and a determined expression.","14":"15 | Male, adult. Scarred with a missing ear and a deep, gravelly voice. A former soldier who now drinks his pain away in taverns. Wears a dented breastplate over a tattered shirt.","15":"16 | Female, middle-aged. Stocky with salt-and-pepper hair tied back in a braid. A baker whose bread is famous throughout the village. Wears flour-covered clothes and always smells of warm dough.","16":"17 | Male, young adult. Handsome with a mischievous grin and nimble fingers. A jester who entertains nobles but listens closely for secrets. Wears a brightly coloured outfit with jingling bells.","17":"18 | Female, elderly. Small with sharp, beady eyes and a crooked smile. A matchmaker who claims to see the threads of fate. Wears a deep red robe embroidered with swirling patterns.","18":"19 | Male, teenager. Gangly with straw-blonde hair and a perpetual smirk. A squire desperate to prove himself. Wears a dented helmet too large for his head.","19":"20 | Female, adult. Tall and commanding with dark, intelligent eyes. A shieldmaiden who has seen many battles. Wears a fitted chainmail hauberk and a sword at her hip.","20":"21 | Male, middle-aged. Bald with a weathered face and a heavy brow. A monk who records history but secretly longs for adventure. Wears simple brown robes and carries a quill tucked behind his ear.","21":"22 | Female, young adult. Short with a delicate frame but fierce determination. A castle servant who knows every secret passage. Wears a simple grey dress and carries an old iron key.","22":"23 | Male, elderly. Tall and skeletal with a long, hooked nose. A reclusive alchemist experimenting with dangerous substances. Wears a stained robe covered in burns and ink blots.","23":"24 | Female, teenager. Thin with wide, bright eyes and a soft voice. A peasant girl who believes she is blessed by the gods. Wears a faded blue dress and a string of wooden beads.","24":"25 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with deep-set, haunted eyes. A mercenary who has survived one war too many. Wears dented plate armour and keeps a longsword strapped to his back.","25":"26 | Female, middle-aged. Sturdy with greying hair and kind, steady hands. A healer who tends to wounded soldiers. Wears a faded blue cloak with herbal stains.","26":"27 | Male, young adult. Lithe with a wolfish grin and quick reflexes. A highwayman who preys on the weak but has a code of honour. Wears a deep green cloak and wields twin daggers.","27":"28 | Female, elderly. Tiny with wispy white hair and a knowing smile. A retired courtesan who has stories to tell. Wears fine jewellery, though her clothes are simple.","28":"29 | Male, teenager. Skinny with knobbly knees and a sharp tongue. A street urchin who survives by wit alone. Wears a stolen noble’s belt, far too big for him.","29":"30 | Female, adult. Curvy with auburn hair and a fiery temper. A tavern owner who has seen every kind of troublemaker. Wears a well-fitted bodice and keeps a dagger under the bar.","30":"31 | Male, middle-aged. Tall and rugged with a scar over one eye. A disgraced knight who now fights in underground duels for coin. Wears a battered breastplate and carries a chipped longsword.","31":"32 | Female, young adult. Petite but fierce with dark curls and piercing blue eyes. A noblewoman disguised as a man to train as a knight. Wears a borrowed suit of armour slightly too big for her.","32":"33 | Male, elderly. Bent with a long white beard and trembling hands. A retired scribe who remembers every law and secret. Wears ink-stained robes and squints through thick, glass spectacles.","33":"34 | Female, teenager. Tall and wiry with sunburnt skin and quick feet. A shepherdess who knows the land like the back of her hand. Wears a wool cloak and carries a sturdy wooden staff.","34":"35 | Male, adult. Broad and barrel-chested with a deep voice. A dockworker who carries cargo and overhears merchant secrets. Wears a linen tunic rolled up to his elbows and smells of saltwater.","35":"36 | Female, middle-aged. Stocky with a round, welcoming face. A fishmonger who loves to gossip while selling her wares. Wears an apron covered in fish scales and has a knife always at the ready.","36":"37 | Male, young adult. Slim and wiry with a sharp jawline and a quick tongue. A poet who travels from court to court seeking patronage. Wears a fine but slightly frayed doublet and carries a worn notebook.","37":"38 | Female, elderly. Hunched with a face lined like old parchment. A wandering mystic who claims to see omens in the stars. Wears layers of brightly coloured robes and smells of incense.","38":"39 | Male, teenager. Short and scruffy with perpetually dirty hands. A beggar who knows the city streets better than anyone. Wears a patchwork cloak and no shoes.","39":"40 | Female, adult. Sturdy with a sharp glare and no patience for nonsense. A nun with a hidden past as a warrior. Wears a simple habit and keeps a hidden dagger in her robes.","40":"41 | Male, middle-aged. Bald and thick-necked with a low, rumbling voice. A torturer employed by the crown, feared even by the nobility. Wears a black leather apron and carries a belt of tools.","41":"42 | Female, young adult. Tall and elegant with a knowing smirk. A noble spy trained in deception and seduction. Wears a luxurious dress but can switch to a rogue’s attire in seconds.","42":"43 | Male, elderly. Stooped with gnarled hands and yellowed teeth. A hermit living deep in the woods, feared as a wizard. Wears a ragged cloak and is always followed by crows.","43":"44 | Female, teenager. Thin and pale with striking green eyes. A novice alchemist who brews questionable potions. Wears a simple tunic stained with strange chemicals.","44":"45 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with a thick, greying beard. A retired soldier now working as a city guard. Wears a dented helmet and an old tabard faded from years in the sun.","45":"46 | Female, middle-aged. Thin with sharp cheekbones and hollow cheeks. A moneylender who is feared by all who owe her coin. Wears a deep blue cloak embroidered with gold thread.","46":"47 | Male, young adult. Wiry with bright red hair and a cocky grin. A gambler who always has a loaded die in his pocket. Wears a fine coat he won in a bet.","47":"48 | Female, elderly. Small and unassuming but with a wicked sense of humour. A retired midwife who has delivered half the town. Wears a simple shawl and always carries a flask of something strong.","48":"49 | Male, teenager. Lanky with a perpetual frown and downcast eyes. A disgraced noble’s son living in exile. Wears fine but travel-worn clothes and clings to an old family crest.","49":"50 | Female, adult. Curvy with a melodic voice and a playful smile. A courtesan who controls the city’s most powerful men. Wears a gown of deep crimson and smells of expensive perfume.","50":"51 | Male, middle-aged. Short and round with a thick moustache. A merchant who trades in rare spices and silks. Wears a brightly coloured robe and jingling gold rings on his fingers.","51":"52 | Female, young adult. Petite with long braids and fierce determination. A young widow determined to avenge her husband’s murder. Wears mourning black and carries a concealed dagger.","52":"53 | Male, elderly. Bent with shaking hands but a sharp mind. A former executioner now seeking redemption. Wears a tattered cloak and avoids crowded places.","53":"54 | Female, teenager. Wild-haired and constantly grinning. A troublemaker who sneaks into noble feasts. Wears stolen jewellery and always has a knife hidden on her.","54":"55 | Male, adult. Gaunt with a haunted expression and restless hands. A deserter hiding from both sides of a war. Wears patched-up armour and carries an old, bloodstained sword.","55":"56 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with deep laugh lines and kind eyes. A brewer known for her mead and secret herbal remedies. Wears a heavy apron and always smells of honey and yeast.","56":"57 | Male, young adult. Slender and soft-spoken with clever hands. A scribe who secretly forges royal decrees. Wears ink-stained robes and has a hidden stash of gold.","57":"58 | Female, elderly. Frail but still full of energy, with sharp eyes and quick wit. A matchmaker who keeps track of every noble family’s lineage. Wears a finely embroidered shawl and always carries a fan.","58":"59 | Male, teenager. Thin and wiry with long fingers. A street urchin who can pick any lock. Wears a tattered brown tunic and a belt lined with stolen keys.","59":"60 | Female, adult. Tall and imposing with a commanding voice. A war heroine now serving as the queen’s bodyguard. Wears polished plate armour and carries a longsword that never leaves her side."}}