{
  "name": "Victorian Quick NPCs",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Male, middle-aged. Tall and lean with neatly combed dark hair and a sharp moustache. Stern and proper, always speaking in measured tones. Wears a tailored black frock coat and polished boots.",
    "1": "2 | Female, young adult. Petite with soft blonde curls pinned up elegantly and striking green eyes. Cheerful and outgoing, often smiling warmly. Wears a pastel-coloured day dress adorned with lace.",
    "2": "3 | Male, elderly. Stooped and frail with a long white beard and thick spectacles. Gruff but wise, often carrying a worn walking stick. Wears a heavy wool overcoat and a well-loved top hat.",
    "3": "4 | Female, teenager. Slightly awkward with a pale complexion and dark auburn hair in loose ringlets. Curious and excitable, always asking questions. Wears a simple grey dress with a small embroidered collar.",
    "4": "5 | Male, adult. Muscular with rugged features and a prominent scar across his cheek. Intimidating but loyal to those he trusts. Wears a rough brown jacket and a flat cap, smelling faintly of pipe tobacco.",
    "5": "6 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with greying hair tied into a tidy bun and a no-nonsense attitude. Stern and motherly, always scolding others for improper behaviour. Wears a dark dress with a starched white apron.",
    "6": "7 | Male, young adult. Lanky with dark hair slicked back and a faintly mischievous grin. Quick-witted and charming, with a knack for getting out of trouble. Wears a slightly worn waistcoat and a pocket watch on a chain.",
    "7": "8 | Female, elderly. Short and plump with silver hair tucked under a frilly bonnet. Kind and talkative, always offering biscuits or tea. Wears a floral print gown and carries a small lace parasol.",
    "8": "9 | Male, teenager. Thin and scruffy with unruly brown hair and a nervous disposition. Shy and soft-spoken, often avoiding eye contact. Wears a patched jacket and oversized boots that don’t quite fit.",
    "9": "10 | Female, adult. Statuesque with dark hair swept into a high chignon and piercing blue eyes. Confident and commanding, with an air of authority. Wears a deep red velvet gown adorned with gold embroidery.",
    "10": "11 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a ruddy complexion and a bushy moustache. Jolly and outgoing, often laughing heartily. Wears a tweed suit and carries a silver-tipped cane.",
    "11": "12 | Female, young adult. Slim and graceful with chestnut hair and hazel eyes. Quiet and reserved, often seen reading a small book. Wears a modest navy dress with a high lace collar.",
    "12": "13 | Male, elderly. Thin and frail with a balding head and a long nose. Cantankerous but clever, often muttering to himself. Wears a threadbare coat and a cravat that’s slightly askew.",
    "13": "14 | Female, teenager. Tall and slender with bright red hair and freckles. Energetic and rebellious, often ignoring societal expectations. Wears a plain dress with a shawl thrown carelessly over her shoulders.",
    "14": "15 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with a clean-shaven face and neatly combed black hair. Polite and ambitious, often networking with others. Wears a sharp black suit with a silver tie pin.",
    "15": "16 | Female, middle-aged. Stout and stern with steel-grey hair and sharp brown eyes. Practical and efficient, with little patience for nonsense. Wears a high-necked black gown with no frills or embellishments.",
    "16": "17 | Male, young adult. Short and wiry with sandy hair and a crooked smile. Street-smart and resourceful, often hustling to make a living. Wears a patched waistcoat and a newsboy cap.",
    "17": "18 | Female, elderly. Frail but spry with soft grey curls and a warm smile. Gentle and nurturing, often fussing over others. Wears a lavender gown with lace gloves and a cameo brooch.",
    "18": "19 | Male, teenager. Gangly and awkward with big ears and a shy smile. Eager to please, often running errands with enthusiasm. Wears a simple brown jacket and scuffed shoes.",
    "19": "20 | Female, adult. Elegant and poised with raven-black hair and pale, flawless skin. Mysterious and aloof, speaking in hushed tones. Wears a dark green gown trimmed with black lace.",
    "20": "21 | Male, middle-aged. Stocky with a thick beard and piercing grey eyes. Gruff but fair, often grumbling under his breath. Wears a wool coat and a scarf, smelling faintly of coal dust.",
    "21": "22 | Female, young adult. Bright and bubbly with wavy golden hair and rosy cheeks. Optimistic and full of energy, always ready to help. Wears a pale yellow dress with a matching ribbon in her hair.",
    "22": "23 | Male, elderly. Tall and imposing with a lined face and a sharp gaze. Quietly dignified, carrying himself with authority. Wears a long black overcoat and a high-crowned top hat.",
    "23": "24 | Female, teenager. Petite and demure with light brown hair braided into a crown. Shy and polite, often deferring to others. Wears a pale pink dress with a simple lace overlay.",
    "24": "25 | Male, adult. Thin and wiry with a gaunt face and hollow cheeks. Nervous and jittery, often wringing his hands. Wears a slightly oversized suit that looks second-hand.",
    "25": "26 | Female, middle-aged. Plump and jolly with sparkling blue eyes and a ready laugh. Warm and welcoming, often baking for visitors. Wears a simple dress with an apron covered in flour.",
    "26": "27 | Male, young adult. Tall and handsome with a well-trimmed beard and an easy smile. Charming and flirtatious, often surrounded by admirers. Wears a tailored navy suit with a gold pocket watch.",
    "27": "28 | Female, elderly. Sharp-featured with grey hair tied tightly back and thin lips. Stern and intimidating, often glaring over her spectacles. Wears a severe black gown with a high collar.",
    "28": "29 | Male, teenager. Small and scrappy with a dirty face and bright blue eyes. Mischievous and bold, often darting through crowds unnoticed. Wears a patched coat and carries a sling in his pocket.",
    "29": "30 | Female, adult. Graceful with auburn hair styled in cascading curls and deep brown eyes. Elegant and sophisticated, always speaking with poise. Wears a richly embroidered burgundy gown.",
    "30": "31 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with a weathered face and neatly combed hair. Reserved and quiet, but a dependable worker. Wears a rough tweed jacket and carries a leather satchel over his shoulder.",
    "31": "32 | Female, middle-aged. Tall and lean with greying hair and sharp green eyes. Quick-witted and practical, often giving unsolicited advice. Wears a dark blue dress with silver buttons and a matching bonnet.",
    "32": "33 | Male, elderly. Hunched and frail with thinning white hair and a crooked nose. Slow-moving and grumpy, but with a sharp mind. Wears a thick wool coat and shuffles with the aid of a cane.",
    "33": "34 | Female, young adult. Slender with long, straight brown hair and delicate features. Polite and shy, often speaking softly. Wears a pale lavender dress with intricate lace detailing.",
    "34": "35 | Male, teenager. Lanky with tousled blond hair and a freckled face. Cheerful and eager, often running errands around town. Wears a simple shirt and trousers, with a newsboy cap perched at a jaunty angle.",
    "35": "36 | Female, adult. Strong and athletic with dark skin and thick braids coiled under a turban. Confident and outspoken, often laughing loudly. Wears a colourful patterned shawl over her shoulders.",
    "36": "37 | Male, middle-aged. Stout with a ruddy face and a greying moustache. Loud and opinionated, often gesturing dramatically. Wears a brown waistcoat with a pocket watch and a small monocle.",
    "37": "38 | Female, elderly. Short and round with a warm smile and kind eyes. Gentle and soft-spoken, often offering baked goods to guests. Wears a simple cream dress with a lace shawl.",
    "38": "39 | Male, young adult. Thin and wiry with messy dark hair and a sly grin. Quick and cunning, always looking for an opportunity. Wears a patched coat and keeps a set of lockpicks hidden in his pocket.",
    "39": "40 | Female, teenager. Energetic and curious with dark curls and a button nose. Bubbly and talkative, often blurting out her thoughts. Wears a bright yellow dress with a ribbon tied around her waist.",
    "40": "41 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered and muscular with a square jaw and dark eyes. Serious and stoic, with a deep sense of honour. Wears a soldier’s uniform, neatly pressed and adorned with medals.",
    "41": "42 | Female, middle-aged. Sturdy and no-nonsense with greying hair tied in a severe bun. Practical and stern, often chiding others for improper manners. Wears a plain black dress with a brooch at her collar.",
    "42": "43 | Male, elderly. Frail with a hunched back and trembling hands. Soft-spoken and thoughtful, often reminiscing about the past. Wears a faded coat and carries a battered leather wallet.",
    "43": "44 | Female, young adult. Slender and graceful with auburn hair swept up into an elaborate style. Charming and intelligent, with a quick laugh. Wears a pale blue gown trimmed with pearls.",
    "44": "45 | Male, teenager. Scrappy and wiry with bright green eyes and a mischievous grin. Bold and resourceful, often scurrying around unnoticed. Wears a patched waistcoat and oversized shoes.",
    "45": "46 | Female, adult. Tall and striking with sharp cheekbones and piercing grey eyes. Confident and commanding, with an air of mystery. Wears a dark velvet gown and a lace choker.",
    "46": "47 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a thick beard and a booming voice. Friendly and jovial, often clapping people on the back. Wears a wool coat and a scarf, smelling faintly of pipe tobacco.",
    "47": "48 | Female, elderly. Thin and sharp-featured with a piercing gaze and tightly pulled-back hair. Stern and intimidating, but deeply knowledgeable. Wears a long black gown and a cameo brooch.",
    "48": "49 | Male, young adult. Handsome with wavy brown hair and an easy smile. Charismatic and flirtatious, often surrounded by admirers. Wears a tailored suit with a gold tie pin.",
    "49": "50 | Female, teenager. Slightly awkward with straight brown hair and wide, curious eyes. Shy but eager to learn, often following others’ lead. Wears a modest grey dress with a small embroidered flower.",
    "50": "51 | Male, adult. Rugged and weather-beaten with a thick beard and calloused hands. Quiet and practical, often preferring solitude. Wears a simple wool coat and a wide-brimmed hat.",
    "51": "52 | Female, middle-aged. Short and stout with greying hair and rosy cheeks. Friendly and chatty, often offering tea and gossip. Wears a floral-patterned dress and a lace bonnet.",
    "52": "53 | Male, elderly. Hunched and frail with a long white beard and watery blue eyes. Gentle and wise, often telling stories to children. Wears a tattered cloak and carries a wooden walking stick.",
    "53": "54 | Female, young adult. Petite and elegant with blonde hair styled in perfect curls. Polite and proper, with a refined air. Wears a pastel pink dress with a lace-trimmed parasol.",
    "54": "55 | Male, teenager. Gangly and awkward with tousled hair and a lopsided grin. Energetic and curious, often poking his nose where it doesn’t belong. Wears a patched jacket and scuffed boots.",
    "55": "56 | Female, adult. Statuesque and regal with jet-black hair and sharp green eyes. Commanding and poised, with a knack for leadership. Wears a deep crimson dress with intricate gold embroidery.",
    "56": "57 | Male, middle-aged. Stocky with thinning hair and a neatly trimmed moustache. Jolly and boisterous, often the life of the party. Wears a tweed jacket and carries a silver pocket watch.",
    "57": "58 | Female, elderly. Frail and hunched with soft grey curls and a kind smile. Warm and motherly, often knitting or baking. Wears a simple brown dress with a warm shawl.",
    "58": "59 | Male, adult. Slender with a gaunt face and hollow cheeks. Nervous and jittery, always glancing over his shoulder. Wears a shabby suit and clutches a battered briefcase.",
    "59": "60 | Female, teenager. Bright and cheerful with wavy auburn hair and sparkling hazel eyes. Optimistic and eager to help, often volunteering for tasks. Wears a pale yellow dress with a matching ribbon in her hair."
  }
}
