{
  "name": "Secret Underground Locations Table",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Cursed Catacombs: A maze-like network of stone passageways where spirits of the dead whisper ominous warnings to those who pass.",
    "1": "2 | The Blood Altar Chamber: A hidden stone chamber with a large, rune-carved altar stained with old blood. The air hums with latent power.",
    "2": "3 | Sealed Tomb of the Vampire Lord: A stone coffin rests at the centre of a grand chamber, its lid bound with silver chains. Strange chanting echoes from unseen voices.",
    "3": "4 | The Undying Library: An underground library of forbidden tomes. Every book has a whispering voice, and opening one echoes the faint sound of distant quills scribbling.",
    "4": "5 | Chamber of the Dreaming One: A deep cavern housing a massive stone effigy of an ancient eldritch being, its \"closed eyes\" seem to twitch when approached.",
    "5": "6 | The Hall of Shadow Masks: An underground hall lined with shadowy, featureless masks mounted on the walls. Occasionally, one of them tilts its head toward you.",
    "6": "7 | The Midnight Chapel: A desecrated chapel lit by black candles. The central altar holds a silver bowl filled with black ichor that reflects moving shapes.",
    "7": "8 | Serpent Cult Temple: Hidden behind a secret passage, this temple’s stone walls depict humans transforming into snakes. The statue of a serpent god stares with gemstone eyes.",
    "8": "9 | The Witch’s Den: A forgotten witch's lair cluttered with bottles of preserved body parts, dried herbs, and hanging bundles of feathers, bones, and doll effigies.",
    "9": "10 | The Chamber of Thousand Eyes: Hundreds of eye-shaped carvings line the walls, and each one \"blinks\" randomly. The longer you stay, the more they seem to watch you.",
    "10": "11 | Bone-Paved Hallway: The floor of this narrow passage is made of human bones and skulls cemented together. Every footstep echoes unnervingly.",
    "11": "12 | The Abyssal Well: A bottomless well at the centre of an old stone chamber. Throwing a coin in produces no sound, but sometimes whispers rise from below.",
    "12": "13 | Vault of the Bound Demon: A large, circular vault with runic sigils carved into every surface. A red mist seeps from cracks in the stone, and faint breathing can be heard.",
    "13": "14 | Buried Witch’s Coven: A long-forgotten coven’s gathering hall. Stone chairs are arranged in a circle around a blackened fire pit. Human teeth are scattered across the floor.",
    "14": "15 | The Hall of Frozen Thralls: Rows of statues line a cold stone chamber, each one frozen in a lifelike pose. Upon closer inspection, they aren’t statues — they’re petrified victims.",
    "15": "16 | The Rotting Reliquary: This hidden vault is filled with sealed glass cases containing decaying relics of saints and sinners. Some items pulse faintly with a heartbeat-like rhythm.",
    "16": "17 | The Hollowed God’s Shrine: An underground shrine with a hollow effigy of a forgotten god. Offerings of bone, gold, and strange fetishes lie at its feet.",
    "17": "18 | Mirror of the Betrayer: An underground chamber with a massive mirror at its centre. Reflections move on their own, sometimes reaching out to \"touch\" the glass.",
    "18": "19 | The Thrall’s Chamber: Rows of iron cages fill this underground space, each one containing a sleeping thrall. Their breathing is soft and synchronised, as if under one mind's control.",
    "19": "20 | The Well of Eternal Echoes: A narrow, dark well that reflects all sounds tenfold. If someone whispers a name into it, distant wailing echoes back.",
    "20": "21 | The Hexer’s Sanctum: This underground lair of a hexer or sorcerer is covered in chalk sigils, runic inscriptions, and bizarre magical diagrams on every wall.",
    "21": "22 | The Crimson Vault: A blood-red vault hidden behind a magical seal. The contents include scrolls of forbidden rituals and a blade with a faint pulse like a heartbeat.",
    "22": "23 | The Coven’s Furnace: A large, soot-blackened furnace sits at the centre of this chamber. Its door opens and closes on its own. Whispered words emerge from the flames.",
    "23": "24 | **Shattered Vampire Crypt**: Broken stone coffins line the walls, each one smashed from the inside. Deep claw marks are gouged into the stone, and scraps of cloth lie on the floor.",
    "24": "25 | The Eldritch Pool: A pool of inky black liquid at the centre of a chamber, reflecting a perfect image of the ceiling above. Touching it causes visions of \"other realms.\"",
    "25": "26 | The Mausoleum of Unrest: Beneath a crumbling graveyard, this mausoleum is filled with coffins that rattle and thump as if something inside is desperate to get out.",
    "26": "27 | The Chamber of Living Shadows: Torches burn with unnatural blue flames, and shadows on the wall move independently of their sources. Some shadows \"reach\" toward those who enter.",
    "27": "28 | Black Candle Sanctuary: A secret chapel with dozens of black candles burning in a perfect circle. No wax ever melts, and the flames flicker in sync with heartbeats.",
    "28": "29 | The Cultist’s Sacrificial Pit: A stone pit filled with offerings of coins, bones, and silver knives. The bloodstains on the edge are still fresh.",
    "29": "30 | The Undying Throne* At the end of a long corridor lies a grand obsidian throne. An ancient figure sits on it, unmoving. Their eyes are closed, but sometimes, they twitch."
  }
}
