{
  "name": "Apocalyptic Quick NPCs",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Male, middle-aged. Broad-shouldered with a heavily scarred face and a buzzcut. Gruff and cautious, distrustful of strangers. Wears a patchwork jacket reinforced with scrap metal and carries a rusted machete.",
    "1": "2 | Female, young adult. Thin and wiry with short, messy hair and a tattoo of a raven on her neck. Agile and quick-witted, often scavenging for supplies. Wears fingerless gloves and a makeshift belt lined with tools.",
    "2": "3 | Androgynous, adult. Tall and lean with pale, almost translucent skin and haunting grey eyes. Calm and eerily quiet, often watching others without speaking. Wears a long, tattered trench coat and a respirator mask.",
    "3": "4 | Male, teenager. Thin and scrappy with a mop of dirty blond hair and nervous eyes. Jumpy but resourceful, often rummaging through scrap heaps. Wears a patched hoodie and carries a dented rucksack.",
    "4": "5 | Female, elderly. Frail but sharp-eyed with a bony frame and thinning white hair. Gruff but wise, always smoking a hand-rolled cigarette. Wears a patched blanket over her shoulders like a shawl.",
    "5": "6 | Male, adult. Muscular with dark skin and a shaved head, covered in dirt and grime. Fierce and protective of his group, willing to fight for survival. Wears a sleeveless jacket with a scavenged rifle slung over his back.",
    "6": "7 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with wild, greying hair tied in a loose ponytail. Outspoken and brash, often laughing at the absurdity of the world. Wears a leather vest covered in badges from the old world.",
    "7": "8 | Androgynous, teenager. Slender with short-cropped hair dyed unevenly with plant-based dye. Quiet and shy, but fiercely loyal to those they trust. Wears a jacket covered in graffiti and carries a slingshot.",
    "8": "9 | Male, elderly. Hunched with leathery skin and a thick white beard. Slow-moving but full of stories about the world before. Wears a tattered scarf and carries a rusty old revolver with one bullet left.",
    "9": "10 | Female, adult. Lithe and athletic with a shaved head and a scar running across her jawline. Serious and efficient, with a tactical mindset. Wears camo trousers and a utility vest loaded with ammunition.",
    "10": "11 | Male, young adult. Tall and lanky with sunburnt skin and wild, spiky hair. Charismatic and cocky, often bragging about his exploits. Wears mirrored sunglasses and a leather jacket patched with scraps.",
    "11": "12 | Female, teenager. Short and stocky with freckles and curly brown hair. Eager and optimistic, often trying to rebuild instead of destroy. Wears a tattered sundress with a makeshift holster.",
    "12": "13 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a missing eye covered by a grimy eyepatch. Gruff and distrustful, often seen chewing on a piece of scrap metal. Wears a trench coat reinforced with pieces of car tyres.",
    "13": "14 | Androgynous, adult. Compact and wiry with dark skin and metallic implants visible under their skin. Calm and pragmatic, with a knack for fixing things. Wears a utility belt filled with salvaged tools.",
    "14": "15 | Female, elderly. Frail but spry with sunken cheeks and a toothless grin. Cheerful despite the odds, often humming old songs. Wears layers of mismatched clothes and a necklace made of bottle caps.",
    "15": "16 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with a deep tan and a thick black beard. Quiet and reserved, often tinkering with salvaged technology. Wears a stained jumpsuit with oil-streaked gloves.",
    "16": "17 | Female, young adult. Petite with long, dirty hair and piercing blue eyes. Stealthy and cunning, often sneaking into places unnoticed. Wears a hooded cloak made from an old sleeping bag.",
    "17": "18 | Male, teenager. Skinny and jittery with a shaved head and a crooked smile. Talkative and nosy, often prying into others’ business. Wears a patched bomber jacket and carries a broken radio.",
    "18": "19 | Androgynous, middle-aged. Slim and graceful with ash-grey hair and piercing green eyes. Mysterious and aloof, often speaking in riddles. Wears a high-collared coat stitched together from scraps of fabric.",
    "19": "20 | Female, adult. Strong and weathered with sunburnt skin and thick black hair tied in braids. Commanding and fierce, leading a small group of survivors. Wears heavy boots and a utility vest lined with knives.",
    "20": "21 | Male, elderly. Stooped and gaunt with sunken eyes and a raspy voice. Paranoid and reclusive, often muttering to himself. Wears a makeshift gas mask and carries a shotgun strapped to his back.",
    "21": "22 | Female, teenager. Slender and wiry with short, spiky hair and a mischievous grin. Bold and adventurous, always looking for danger. Wears goggles on her forehead and fingerless gloves.",
    "22": "23 | Male, young adult. Muscular with a shaved head and a tattoo of a wolf on his neck. Fierce and aggressive, often starting fights. Wears a chain around his waist as a makeshift belt.",
    "23": "24 | Androgynous, elderly. Thin and frail with robotic legs and glowing blue eyes. Calm and wise, often fixing broken equipment for others. Wears a torn lab coat covered in scorch marks.",
    "24": "25 | Female, middle-aged. Heavyset with a wild mane of curly grey hair and a booming laugh. Warm and motherly, often feeding stray animals. Wears a patched apron and carries a cast-iron skillet.",
    "25": "26 | Male, adult. Lean and sharp-featured with a deep tan and a rugged beard. Quiet and calculating, with a soft spot for children. Wears a patched duster coat and a cowboy hat.",
    "26": "27 | Female, young adult. Thin with pale skin and an intricate tattoo running down her arm. Quiet and mysterious, often keeping to herself. Wears a cloak made from an old parachute.",
    "27": "28 | Male, teenager. Short and scrappy with messy blond hair and bright green eyes. Mischievous and quick, often stealing from others. Wears a tattered hoodie with a scavenged knife tucked into his belt.",
    "28": "29 | Female, elderly. Small and hunched with a wrinkled face and sharp eyes. Stern but caring, often taking on a leadership role. Wears a patched shawl and carries a walking stick tipped with metal.",
    "29": "30 | Androgynous, young adult. Tall and androgynously beautiful with long, braided hair and glowing amber eyes. Calm and charismatic, often rallying others to a cause. Wears a leather jacket covered in stitched-on symbols.",
    "30": "31 | Male, middle-aged. Tall and wiry with hollow cheeks and a long, jagged scar across his neck. Paranoid and distrustful, always scanning his surroundings. Wears a patched-up trench coat with bullet holes.",
    "31": "32 | Female, young adult. Slender with sun-bleached hair and piercing grey eyes. Calm and calculating, often speaking in a measured tone. Wears a sleeveless tactical vest lined with pockets.",
    "32": "33 | Male, elderly. Bent and frail with thinning white hair and a hacking cough. Bitter and jaded, convinced survival is pointless. Wears a patched military coat and carries a flask of suspicious liquid.",
    "33": "34 | Female, teenager. Short with a round face and messy, shoulder-length hair. Hopeful and eager, always trying to rebuild society. Wears a handmade patchwork dress and carries a journal filled with ideas.",
    "34": "35 | Androgynous, adult. Lean and wiry with weathered skin and sharp, intelligent eyes. Resourceful and quick-thinking, often finding unconventional solutions. Wears fingerless gloves and an old utility belt.",
    "35": "36 | Male, young adult. Muscular with a shaved head and a mechanical arm made of scavenged parts. Stoic and intimidating, but fiercely loyal to his allies. Wears a reinforced leather jacket with metal plating.",
    "36": "37 | Female, middle-aged. Stocky with deep lines around her eyes and a perpetual frown. Harsh but fair, keeping order in her small community. Wears a long coat with a revolver strapped to her hip.",
    "37": "38 | Male, teenager. Scrawny with freckles and bright, curious eyes. Clever and energetic, always eager to prove himself. Wears an oversized jacket with pockets stuffed full of junk.",
    "38": "39 | Female, elderly. Small and wiry with steel-grey hair tied into braids. Sharp-tongued but warm-hearted, fiercely protective of younger survivors. Wears a heavy wool cloak with deep pockets.",
    "39": "40 | Androgynous, young adult. Slender with glowing cybernetic eyes and a quiet, analytical demeanour. Detached and methodical, treating everything like a puzzle. Wears a reinforced bodysuit covered in patchwork wires.",
    "40": "41 | Male, adult. Stocky with a thick beard and a deep voice. Rough and practical, more concerned with survival than morality. Wears a makeshift bulletproof vest and a bandolier of shotgun shells.",
    "41": "42 | Female, teenager. Thin with pale skin and dirt-streaked cheeks. Cunning and manipulative, willing to do whatever it takes to get ahead. Wears a scavenged fur-lined coat two sizes too big.",
    "42": "43 | Male, elderly. Frail but deceptively strong, with piercing green eyes. Witty and cunning, using his age to make people underestimate him. Wears an old military hat and a tattered scarf.",
    "43": "44 | Female, adult. Athletic with short, practical hair and a determined gaze. Fierce and independent, refusing to rely on anyone. Wears a backpack filled with scavenged supplies and a dagger strapped to her boot.",
    "44": "45 | Androgynous, middle-aged. Tall with long, matted hair and a deep, gravelly voice. Mysterious and reclusive, avoiding groups. Wears a patched-up cloak made from tarpaulin.",
    "45": "46 | Male, young adult. Thin and jittery with darting eyes and chipped teeth. Always looking for an angle, never staying in one place for long. Wears a hoodie with a hand-sewn emblem on the sleeve.",
    "46": "47 | Female, elderly. Bent and slow-moving with a skeletal frame. Keeps to herself, always muttering about the past. Wears a necklace made of scavenged metal trinkets.",
    "47": "48 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with a face covered in scars. Enigmatic and intense, often lost in thought. Wears a long leather duster with tally marks scratched into the sleeves.",
    "48": "49 | Female, young adult. Slender with a shaved head and intricate tattoos covering her arms. Brutal and efficient, never hesitating to eliminate threats. Wears a sleeveless vest with a row of throwing knives.",
    "49": "50 | Androgynous, teenager. Short and wiry with cybernetic enhancements that occasionally glitch. Restless and impatient, always fidgeting. Wears a patch-covered jacket and modified cargo trousers.",
    "50": "51 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a balding head and sun-damaged skin. Loud and aggressive, using intimidation to survive. Wears a sleeveless biker jacket covered in bloodstains.",
    "51": "52 | Female, adult. Tall and imposing with a strong jawline and calloused hands. Loyal but untrusting, always prepared for betrayal. Wears a repurposed firefighter’s coat with reinforced armour.",
    "52": "53 | Male, young adult. Lanky with dark, piercing eyes and a low, raspy voice. Strategic and ruthless, willing to sacrifice others for survival. Wears a torn business suit with a bulletproof vest underneath.",
    "53": "54 | Female, teenager. Small with a mischievous smirk and lightning-fast reflexes. A skilled pickpocket, never seen without a plan. Wears an old bandana tied around her wrist.",
    "54": "55 | Androgynous, elderly. Thin and ghostly with deep wrinkles and mechanical joints. Calm and contemplative, viewing survival as an art. Wears a hooded cloak made of stitched-together rags.",
    "55": "56 | Male, adult. Rugged with a trimmed beard and calculating eyes. A former leader, now haunted by past decisions. Wears a long grey coat with a small, rusted compass around his neck.",
    "56": "57 | Female, young adult. Sharp-featured with faded blue hair and a cybernetic implant at her temple. Tech-savvy and detached, preferring machines to people. Wears modified combat boots with reinforced plating.",
    "57": "58 | Male, teenager. Scrappy and energetic with wild, unkempt hair. A scavenger by trade, always running from something. Wears a leather vest covered in sewn-on patches.",
    "58": "59 | Female, elderly. Frail with hollow cheeks and clouded eyes, but still sharp of mind. Soft-spoken but full of wisdom. Wears a tattered shawl lined with tiny bells.",
    "59": "60 | Androgynous, adult. Lithe with angular features and bioluminescent tattoos that flicker faintly. Aloof and secretive, keeping their distance from others. Wears an armoured bodysuit with glowing circuitry along the seams."
  }
}
