{
  "name": "Slice of Life Quick NPCs",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Male, middle-aged. Tall with salt-and-pepper hair and tired eyes. A high school history teacher who’s been working too long. Wears a tweed blazer with elbow patches and always carries a flask of coffee.",
    "1": "2 | Female, young adult. Petite with pink-dyed hair and an easy smile. A friendly barista who remembers everyone’s usual order. Wears a green apron and always has a smudge of foam on her sleeve.",
    "2": "3 | Male, elderly. Stooped with thick glasses and a hearing aid. A retired postman who still wakes up at dawn out of habit. Wears a wool cardigan and always carries a bag of birdseed.",
    "3": "4 | Female, teenager. Short and energetic with messy pigtails. A high school drama club member who takes everything too seriously. Wears a hoodie covered in stickers and always carries a script.",
    "4": "5 | Male, adult. Muscular with tattooed arms and a kind smile. A gym trainer who gives motivational speeches whether you want them or not. Wears a tight-fitting tank top and a whistle around his neck.",
    "5": "6 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with greying hair and a stern expression. A no-nonsense supermarket cashier who’s seen it all. Wears a name tag that’s slightly peeling and comfortable shoes.",
    "6": "7 | Male, young adult. Lanky with a mop of curly brown hair and an easygoing attitude. A musician who plays on street corners. Wears ripped jeans and carries a guitar covered in stickers.",
    "7": "8 | Female, elderly. Short and round with a warm, motherly presence. A bakery owner who gives free pastries to kids who can't afford them. Wears a flour-dusted apron and smells like cinnamon.",
    "8": "9 | Male, teenager. Slender with acne and always nervous. A high school student who works part-time at a fast-food restaurant. Wears a uniform cap that’s slightly too big and smells like fryer oil.",
    "9": "10 | Female, adult. Poised with a polished look and a bright smile. A real estate agent who can sell anything to anyone. Wears a fitted blazer and carries a leather-bound planner.",
    "10": "11 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a bushy moustache and deep laugh lines. A taxi driver who always has a story to tell. Wears a baseball cap and keeps a lucky dice on the dashboard.",
    "11": "12 | Female, young adult. Slender with thick-rimmed glasses and an awkward charm. A librarian who loves recommending books to strangers. Wears a cardigan and always has ink stains on her fingers.",
    "12": "13 | Male, elderly. Stooped but still lively, with a love for crossword puzzles. A retired fisherman who spends his time feeding pigeons. Wears a faded cap and carries a pocket radio.",
    "13": "14 | Female, teenager. Tall and gangly with braces and an oversized backpack. A nerdy student who loves maths and science. Wears a Star Wars T-shirt and carries a calculator everywhere.",
    "14": "15 | Male, adult. Rugged with stubble and a tired expression. A mechanic who can fix anything but his own life. Wears a grease-stained jumpsuit and always smells like motor oil.",
    "15": "16 | Female, middle-aged. Fit with an air of authority and a sharp voice. A police officer who’s strict but fair. Wears a navy uniform and a belt filled with essentials.",
    "16": "17 | Male, young adult. Lean with an easygoing grin and a love for social media. A food delivery guy who zips around town on his bike. Wears a bright delivery backpack and noise-cancelling earbuds.",
    "17": "18 | Female, elderly. Small and frail but sharp as a knife. A retired teacher who corrects people’s grammar mid-conversation. Wears a knit shawl and has an ancient pair of reading glasses.",
    "18": "19 | Male, teenager. Scruffy with headphones always around his neck. A high school dropout who dreams of being a DJ. Wears a hoodie and carries a beat-up laptop.",
    "19": "20 | Female, adult. Athletic with a strict ponytail and a serious expression. A yoga instructor who speaks in a calming voice. Wears workout leggings and a tank top with a motivational quote.",
    "20": "21 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a love for barbeque and a booming laugh. A dad who takes his grilling way too seriously. Wears cargo shorts and a novelty apron.",
    "21": "22 | Female, young adult. Petite with an air of quiet mystery. A florist who knows the meaning of every flower. Wears an apron with pockets full of petals and clippers.",
    "22": "23 | Male, elderly. Wrinkled with a slow but thoughtful way of speaking. A retired jazz musician who plays in the park. Wears a fedora and always smells faintly of whiskey.",
    "23": "24 | Female, teenager. Lanky with neon-dyed hair and a rebellious attitude. A punk rocker who plays in a garage band. Wears a leather jacket and a chain wallet.",
    "24": "25 | Male, adult. Tall and sharply dressed with a no-nonsense attitude. A lawyer who wins every case but never relaxes. Wears an expensive suit and a Bluetooth earpiece.",
    "25": "26 | Female, middle-aged. Short and stocky with a warm presence. A school nurse who has seen every childhood injury imaginable. Wears a pastel cardigan and carries a never-ending supply of plasters.",
    "26": "27 | Male, young adult. Scruffy with glasses always sliding down his nose. A game developer who lives off energy drinks. Wears a graphic T-shirt and mismatched socks.",
    "27": "28 | Female, elderly. Small but spry with a teasing sense of humour. A grandmother who still wins at poker night. Wears oversized sunglasses and keeps a deck of cards in her purse.",
    "28": "29 | Male, teenager. Tall with shaggy hair and a permanently bored expression. A high school slacker who somehow gets decent grades. Wears a beanie and a hoodie with sleeves too long.",
    "29": "30 | Female, adult. Graceful with a soft voice and a kind presence. A therapist who genuinely cares for her patients. Wears a long, flowing skirt and a delicate necklace.",
    "30": "31 | Male, middle-aged. Broad-shouldered with a deep voice and a friendly smile. A firefighter who has seen it all but keeps his spirits up. Wears a navy-blue uniform and always smells like smoke and soap.",
    "31": "32 | Female, young adult. Short and energetic with freckles and a contagious laugh. A barista who dreams of opening her own café. Wears a beanie and a stained apron that says \"Caffeine Queen.\"",
    "32": "33 | Male, elderly. Frail but lively with twinkling eyes and a love for board games. A retired engineer who teaches kids how to build things. Wears a button-up vest and always carries a pocket watch.",
    "33": "34 | Female, teenager. Tall and quiet with big headphones permanently over her ears. A bookshop assistant who never talks but gives great recommendations. Wears a long hoodie and comfy sneakers.",
    "34": "35 | Male, adult. Muscular with a military-style haircut and a serious expression. A gym owner who takes fitness way too seriously. Wears a tight T-shirt and carries a protein shake everywhere.",
    "35": "36 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with warm brown eyes and a booming voice. A school principal who rules with fairness and authority. Wears a sharp blazer and sensible heels.",
    "36": "37 | Male, young adult. Lanky with a nervous energy and shifting eyes. A pizza delivery guy who always seems to be running from something. Wears a red uniform and scuffed-up trainers.",
    "37": "38 | Female, elderly. Stooped with a mischievous grin and a love for gossip. A bingo hall regular who knows everyone's secrets. Wears oversized glasses and always has a cup of tea in hand.",
    "38": "39 | Male, teenager. Awkward with acne and a voice that still cracks. A theatre kid who lives for the stage. Wears a thrifted waistcoat and carries a script at all times.",
    "39": "40 | Female, adult. Slender with a high ponytail and an air of confidence. A hairstylist who loves giving unsolicited life advice. Wears a fitted black dress and always smells like hairspray.",
    "40": "41 | Male, middle-aged. Rugged with stubble and tired eyes. A truck driver who spends more time on the road than at home. Wears a baseball cap and always has an energy drink in hand.",
    "41": "42 | Female, young adult. Petite with long braids and a serious expression. A law student working three jobs to pay tuition. Wears a business suit that’s always slightly wrinkled.",
    "42": "43 | Male, elderly. Frail with sunspots and a gentle demeanour. A retired gardener who still maintains the local park. Wears overalls covered in dirt and smells like fresh-cut grass.",
    "43": "44 | Female, teenager. Short and stocky with an intimidating glare. A high school wrestler with dreams of going pro. Wears a varsity jacket and carries a protein bar everywhere.",
    "44": "45 | Male, adult. Lean with a permanent smirk and quick hands. A magician who performs at kids’ parties but secretly wants to make it big. Wears a vest full of hidden compartments.",
    "45": "46 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with a motherly presence and a no-nonsense attitude. A supermarket manager who keeps everything running smoothly. Wears a name tag and comfortable trainers.",
    "46": "47 | Male, young adult. Handsome with a confident smile and a deep voice. A popular bartender who listens more than he speaks. Wears a fitted shirt and has a collection of cocktail recipes memorised.",
    "47": "48 | Female, elderly. Frail but feisty with bright red lipstick. A retired singer who still performs at local pubs. Wears a sparkly scarf and keeps a flask in her handbag.",
    "48": "49 | Male, teenager. Gangly with messy hair and a love for skateboarding. A high school dropout trying to find his way. Wears a hoodie covered in graffiti-style designs.",
    "49": "50 | Female, adult. Graceful with a soft-spoken nature and kind eyes. A nurse who works night shifts and rarely sleeps. Wears navy scrubs and always has an energy bar in her pocket.",
    "50": "51 | Male, middle-aged. Stocky with a greying beard and tired eyes. A bookstore owner who pretends to hate customers but actually loves his job. Wears a tweed jacket and always smells like old paper.",
    "51": "52 | Female, young adult. Tall with bold eyeliner and an edgy style. A tattoo artist who sees skin as her canvas. Wears black jeans and a T-shirt with her own artwork printed on it.",
    "52": "53 | Male, elderly. Thin and quiet with a mysterious past. A retired sailor who still stares out at the ocean every morning. Wears a fisherman’s sweater and keeps a small pocket knife on him.",
    "53": "54 | Female, teenager. Petite with bright pink hair and a million bracelets. A social media influencer who documents her life online. Wears trendy clothes and is always holding her phone.",
    "54": "55 | Male, adult. Muscular with sharp features and an intense gaze. A former soldier now working as a security guard. Wears a plain black T-shirt and a tactical belt.",
    "55": "56 | Female, middle-aged. Short and strict with sharp eyes and a permanent frown. A maths teacher feared by all students. Wears glasses on a chain and a perfectly ironed blouse.",
    "56": "57 | Male, young adult. Slender with a dreamy expression and a love for poetry. A barista who wants to be a writer. Wears suspenders and carries a leather notebook full of scribbles.",
    "57": "58 | Female, elderly. Small but commanding with a voice like gravel. A retired journalist who still has the instincts of a reporter. Wears a trench coat and never leaves home without a notebook.",
    "58": "59 | Male, teenager. Slouching with a bored expression and a love for video games. A high schooler who barely does his homework. Wears a hoodie and always has a gaming console in his bag.",
    "59": "60 | Female, adult. Elegant with a soft smile and an old soul. A florist who believes flowers have meaning. Wears a flowing dress and keeps her shop filled with fairy lights.",
    "60": "61 | Male, child (8 years old). Short and chubby with messy blonde hair and a missing front tooth. A hyperactive kid who loves dinosaurs more than anything. Wears a Jurassic Park T-shirt and always carries a toy raptor.",
    "61": "62 | Female, child (6 years old). Tiny with curly pigtails and big, curious brown eyes. A little girl who asks too many questions and never stops talking. Wears a princess dress even on normal days.",
    "62": "63 | Male, child (10 years old). Tall for his age with glasses too big for his face. A quiet bookworm who spends more time in the library than on the playground. Wears a button-up shirt and carries a well-loved fantasy novel.",
    "63": "64 | Female, child (7 years old). Small and fierce with a determined pout. A playground troublemaker who leads a \"secret club.\" Wears a superhero cape everywhere she goes.",
    "64": "65 | Male, child (9 years old). Slender with an awkward stance and a love for puzzles. A chess prodigy who beats adults at every match. Wears a school uniform with a slightly crooked tie.",
    "65": "66 | Female, child (5 years old). Round-faced with dimples and bouncy curls. A sweet-natured girl who makes friends with every dog she sees. Wears a hoodie with cartoon puppies on it.",
    "66": "67 | Male, child (11 years old). Lanky with messy dark hair and a mischievous grin. A prankster who always gets caught but never learns. Wears a striped T-shirt and carries a notebook of “brilliant” prank ideas.",
    "67": "68 | Female, child (4 years old). Tiny with a high-pitched giggle and an innocent face. A toddler who refuses to eat anything that isn’t shaped like a star. Wears a unicorn onesie in public.",
    "68": "69 | Male, child (8 years old). Stocky with a determined glare and a competitive streak. A future athlete who takes even hopscotch seriously. Wears a tracksuit and carries a stopwatch he doesn't know how to use.",
    "69": "70 | Female, child (6 years old). Slender with big, round eyes and an old-soul attitude. A little girl who loves ghost stories and always says creepy things at the worst time. Wears a Victorian-style dress “because ghosts wear them.”"
  }
}
