{"name":"Urban Fantasy Quick NPCs","type":"simple","entries":{"0":"1 | Male, middle-aged. Tall and wiry with dark sunglasses and a cigarette permanently between his lips. A private investigator specialising in supernatural crimes. Wears a trench coat lined with silver bullets.","1":"2 | Female, young adult. Petite with glowing violet eyes and platinum blonde hair. A fae-blooded bartender who never forgets a face. Wears a sleeveless leather vest covered in enchanted runes.","2":"3 | Male, elderly. Bent and frail, but his voice is as sharp as ever. A former exorcist now drinking away his memories. Wears an old priest’s collar and carries a flask of holy water.","3":"4 | Female, teenager. Short with bright green hair and a mischievous grin. A hacker who sells occult information on the dark web. Wears a neon jacket and fingerless gloves lined with spell circuits.","4":"5 | Male, adult. Muscular with deep scars across his arms. A werewolf bouncer who keeps supernatural fights from spilling into human sight. Wears a ripped T-shirt and a silver bracelet that burns his wrist.","5":"6 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with fiery red hair and an Irish accent. A witch who runs a tea shop selling \"special blends\" that can change your fate. Wears a long apron dusted with dried herbs.","6":"7 | Male, young adult. Lanky with glowing tattoos covering his arms. A graffiti artist whose murals come to life at night. Wears a paint-stained hoodie and carries enchanted spray cans.","7":"8 | Female, elderly. Small and sharp-eyed with a wicked grin. A vampire who has run the same corner store for 200 years. Wears a thick knitted cardigan despite never feeling the cold.","8":"9 | Male, teenager. Scrappy with a nervous energy and darting eyes. A runaway necromancer who talks to ghosts like old friends. Wears a tattered hoodie with skeletal hands sometimes appearing from its pockets.","9":"10 | Female, adult. Graceful with long dark hair and an air of authority. A lawyer who secretly represents supernatural clients. Wears a sleek black suit and never removes her gloves.","10":"11 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a permanent scowl and a growling voice. A troll disguised as a police detective. Wears a thick bulletproof vest and reinforced boots.","11":"12 | Female, young adult. Tall and striking with pointed ears hidden beneath a hoodie. A fae courier who can run between worlds. Wears running shoes that never seem to touch the ground.","12":"13 | Male, elderly. Thin and bony with clouded eyes. A blind oracle who gives prophecies in riddles. Wears a threadbare robe and jingles with countless charms and talismans.","13":"14 | Female, teenager. Short with freckles and oversized glasses. A bookstore clerk who unknowingly works in a shop that sells cursed books. Wears a knit sweater too big for her and constantly smells of ink.","14":"15 | Male, adult. Rugged with a deep voice and piercing amber eyes. A werewolf taxi driver who knows every shortcut in the city. Wears fingerless gloves and a cracked leather jacket.","15":"16 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with a warm smile but a watchful gaze. A diner owner who feeds both humans and monsters. Wears a grease-stained apron and keeps a silver knife under the counter.","16":"17 | Male, young adult. Lean with sharp features and a sly grin. A con artist who steals supernatural relics. Wears a tailored coat and always carries a deck of enchanted playing cards.","17":"18 | Female, elderly. Small and frail but radiating power. A retired sorceress who now knits sweaters that offer magical protection. Wears thick glasses and a shawl covered in embroidered sigils.","18":"19 | Male, teenager. Gangly with long fingers and a constantly shifting shadow. A half-demon struggling to control his instincts. Wears a hoodie with the hood always pulled up.","19":"20 | Female, adult. Striking with unnaturally silver eyes. A vampire real estate agent who specialises in \"light-sensitive clients.\" Wears a fitted pencil skirt and always carries a black umbrella.","20":"21 | Male, middle-aged. Thickset with a gravelly voice and a no-nonsense attitude. A former hunter who now tries to keep the peace. Wears a heavy coat with hidden weapons inside.","21":"22 | Female, young adult. Lithe with bright golden eyes and a mischievous air. A cat-shifter who owns a small antique shop. Wears a kimono-style robe and always seems to know more than she should.","22":"23 | Male, elderly. Stooped with gnarled hands and a face like old parchment. A lich who has lived too long and regrets it. Wears a tattered suit and carries a cane topped with a skull.","23":"24 | Female, teenager. Pale with unnervingly bright blue eyes. A girl who woke up one day with no memory but an unnatural resistance to magic. Wears a school uniform that never seems to stain.","24":"25 | Male, adult. Handsome but unsettling, with an ever-present smirk. A demon who works as a nightclub owner, luring souls to sign contracts. Wears a deep red suit and black leather gloves.","25":"26 | Female, middle-aged. Muscular with scars lining her arms. A werewolf who leads a local pack disguised as a biker gang. Wears a sleeveless denim jacket with the gang’s symbol on the back.","26":"27 | Male, young adult. Slender with metallic veins faintly visible under his skin. A human who was experimented on by supernatural scientists. Wears a simple black hoodie and refuses to meet anyone’s eyes.","27":"28 | Female, elderly. Tiny but quick-witted, with twinkling grey eyes. A brownie who runs a cleaning service that caters to supernatural homes. Wears a simple apron and always smells like lavender.","28":"29 | Male, teenager. Wiry with glowing green eyes that flicker when he’s nervous. A half-fae trying to pass as human. Wears an oversized jacket and a silver ring to keep his magic suppressed.","29":"30 | Female, adult. Elegant with a presence that commands respect. A high-ranking vampire diplomat negotiating peace between factions. Wears a crimson dress and speaks with a voice that makes people listen.","30":"31 | Male, middle-aged. Broad-shouldered with a permanent scowl and a nose that looks like it's been broken more than once. A former paladin turned bar owner who keeps supernatural troublemakers in check. Wears a reinforced leather jacket and carries a blessed baseball bat behind the bar.","31":"32 | Female, young adult. Short and graceful with a smirk that never fades. A rogue vampire who sells black-market blood. Wears a leather duster and always smells faintly of iron.","32":"33 | Male, elderly. Stooped with thick glasses and an ever-present cigar. A former warlock who now works as a clockmaker, hiding ancient spells inside his creations. Wears a tweed vest covered in soot and gears.","33":"34 | Female, teenager. Slender with pale skin and long dark hair that seems to move on its own. A girl who once drowned but came back. Wears a damp hoodie and is constantly cold to the touch.","34":"35 | Male, adult. Muscular with a deep, gravelly voice and unnerving red eyes. A demon bounty hunter who tracks down rogue supernatural beings. Wears a torn leather coat and carries a chain wrapped around his wrist.","35":"36 | Female, middle-aged. Heavyset with thick-rimmed glasses and an owl perched on her shoulder. A librarian who protects forbidden knowledge from falling into the wrong hands. Wears a cardigan covered in enchanted pockets.","36":"37 | Male, young adult. Lean with a cocky grin and a silver ring that glows in the dark. A fae trickster who deals in favours. Wears a pinstripe suit and has a voice that makes people listen even when they shouldn’t.","37":"38 | Female, elderly. Frail-looking but with piercing golden eyes. A werewolf elder who remembers when humans feared the dark. Wears a fur-lined cloak and keeps a silver dagger, just in case.","38":"39 | Male, teenager. Scrappy with a nervous energy and sharp teeth that he keeps hidden. A young vampire who refuses to drink blood. Wears a hoodie with the sleeves chewed at the edges.","39":"40 | Female, adult. Poised with a predatory air, her fingernails always painted black. A high-ranking witch who enforces the secret laws of the supernatural. Wears a fitted black suit and carries a silver-tipped cane.","40":"41 | Male, middle-aged. Broad-shouldered with dark skin and a cybernetic arm covered in glowing runes. A former cop who was forced to retire after discovering too many supernatural crimes. Wears a bulletproof vest under his coat.","41":"42 | Female, young adult. Short with a wild energy and neon-green hair. A barista who moonlights as an alchemist, adding “extras” to certain customers' drinks. Wears a band T-shirt and always smells like coffee and herbs.","42":"43 | Male, elderly. Hunched with an old fedora and a perpetual squint. A ghost who still believes he’s alive and runs a detective agency. Wears a trench coat that’s never wet, no matter the rain.","43":"44 | Female, teenager. Small and waifish with eyes that glow under streetlights. A half-angel who doesn’t know what she is yet. Wears a long coat to hide the faint shimmer of her skin.","44":"45 | Male, adult. Rugged with knuckles that look like they’ve punched one too many faces. A werewolf pit fighter making a name for himself in the underground. Wears fingerless gloves and has fresh bruises every night.","45":"46 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with salt-and-pepper hair and a deep laugh. A necromancer who runs a funeral home that caters to more than just humans. Wears a deep blue shawl embroidered with bones.","46":"47 | Male, young adult. Slender and androgynous with an unsettlingly perfect face. A vampire who used to be a celebrity but now hides in plain sight. Wears a designer trench coat and sunglasses at all hours.","47":"48 | Female, elderly. Thin with long white hair and a voice like cracking ice. A banshee who has learned how to suppress her scream—most of the time. Wears a long, flowing dress and never touches metal.","48":"49 | Male, teenager. Gangly with a perpetual twitch. A runaway who made a deal with a demon and is now regretting it. Wears ripped jeans and has a strange sigil carved into his palm.","49":"50 | Female, adult. Graceful with golden-brown skin and a warm but knowing smile. A healer who can mend both body and soul but never for free. Wears a linen dress and keeps jars of glowing salves on her belt.","50":"51 | Male, middle-aged. Thickset with scars lining his arms. A warlock who runs a boxing gym, training fighters who aren’t entirely human. Wears a tank top with faded lettering and a silver chain around his neck.","51":"52 | Female, young adult. Petite with bioluminescent tattoos that only appear in the dark. A fae-born hacker who can manipulate magic through code. Wears a neon jacket and gloves lined with circuits.","52":"53 | Male, elderly. Stooped and whispering with a voice like rustling paper. A spirit bound to a bookstore who knows every book's secrets. Wears a suit that never wrinkles and flickers when the lights dim.","53":"54 | Female, teenager. Slender with freckles and bright, curious eyes. A girl who can see invisible creatures but pretends she can’t. Wears a school uniform that always looks slightly too clean.","54":"55 | Male, adult. Muscular with silver streaks in his beard and piercing blue eyes. A werewolf who runs an auto shop, fixing cars and supernatural problems alike. Wears oil-stained overalls and smells faintly of the forest.","55":"56 | Female, middle-aged. Sturdy with laugh lines and sharp claws she rarely uses. A half-siren who teaches music at a human university. Wears a flowing blouse and sings softly under her breath.","56":"57 | Male, young adult. Lean with deep, swirling tattoos that shift when he speaks. A djinn disguised as a bartender who grants \"small wishes\" for the right price. Wears a sleek black vest and always knows what people truly want.","57":"58 | Female, elderly. Tiny with owl-like eyes and a crooked smile. A hedge witch who sells potions out of a tiny convenience store. Wears a tattered scarf that occasionally moves on its own.","58":"59 | Male, teenager. Scruffy with long, pointed ears that he keeps hidden. A half-elf who steals magical trinkets and sells them to the highest bidder. Wears an oversized hoodie and a belt filled with lockpicks.","59":"60 | Female, adult. Elegant with smooth, flawless skin and a hypnotic voice. A vampire queen running an underground supernatural syndicate. Wears a blood-red dress and always leaves behind the faint scent of roses."}}