{
  "name": "Sci-Fi Quick NPCs",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Male, middle-aged. Tall and wiry with cybernetic arms covered in glowing blue circuits. Stoic and methodical, rarely showing emotion. His left eye is a mechanical lens that whirs softly when he focuses.",
    "1": "2 | Female, young adult. Slender with platinum blonde hair styled in a sleek undercut and glowing green irises. Charismatic and quick-talking, often charming her way out of trouble. Wears a holographic wristband that projects floating displays.",
    "2": "3 | Androgynous, elderly. Frail with patches of artificial skin and metallic implants visible on their neck and hands. Wise but cryptic, often pausing to \"reboot\" mid-conversation. Wears an outdated lab coat with a faded logo.",
    "3": "4 | Male, teenager. Short and lanky with wild, unkempt hair and oversized goggles perched on his forehead. Energetic and scatterbrained, always tinkering with gadgets. His jacket is patched together with various materials.",
    "4": "5 | Female, adult. Athletic with a muscular build and dark, shaved hair. Stern and no-nonsense, with a soldier’s discipline. Wears a scarred combat exosuit with faded unit insignias.",
    "5": "6 | Androgynous, middle-aged. Slim with smooth, pale skin and faintly glowing tattoos along their arms. Calm and analytical, often speaking in a measured tone. Their voice has a faint synthetic undertone from a voice modulator.",
    "6": "7 | Male, young adult. Broad-shouldered with tanned skin and short, spiked hair dyed electric blue. Laid-back and cocky, always chewing a piece of gum. His boots are fitted with magnetic soles for walking on ships’ hulls.",
    "7": "8 | Female, elderly. Short and stout with greying hair and a wrinkled face partially replaced by cybernetics. Gruff but warm-hearted, often humming old spacer tunes. Wears a patched flight suit and a toolbelt bristling with gadgets.",
    "8": "9 | Male, adult. Slender with pale skin and jet-black hair slicked back. Quiet and observant, rarely speaking unless necessary. His left hand is entirely robotic, with slender, multi-jointed fingers.",
    "9": "10 | Androgynous, young adult. Tall and androgynously beautiful with glowing purple eyes and metallic silver hair. Charming and flirtatious, with a knack for persuasion. Wears a sleek black jumpsuit lined with shimmering lights.",
    "10": "11 | Female, middle-aged. Strong and imposing with burn scars across one side of her face. Tough but fiercely protective of her crew. Wears a heavy-duty jacket with a plasma pistol holstered at her hip.",
    "11": "12 | Male, teenager. Slim and scrappy with messy brown hair and a mischievous grin. Clever and resourceful, often sneaking around restricted areas. His jacket is covered in pins and patches from various spaceports.",
    "12": "13 | Female, elderly. Thin and frail with sharp eyes and long, white hair tied in a braid. Soft-spoken but commanding respect, her presence is magnetic. Wears an elegant robe with glowing gold accents.",
    "13": "14 | Male, young adult. Muscular with dark skin and a shaved head. Confident and daring, often volunteering for dangerous missions. His helmet is painted with a stylised starburst symbol.",
    "14": "15 | Androgynous, adult. Lithe with bronze-toned skin and short-cropped hair. Mysterious and enigmatic, rarely revealing personal details. Wears a holographic cloak that shimmers and shifts like liquid light.",
    "15": "16 | Female, young adult. Petite with short, spiky pink hair and vibrant green eyes. Playful and upbeat, often cracking jokes to lighten the mood. Wears a utility belt loaded with high-tech tools.",
    "16": "17 | Male, middle-aged. Broad-shouldered with a thick beard and weathered skin. Gruff and pragmatic, with a no-nonsense attitude. Wears a stained work suit and carries a massive hydrospanner.",
    "17": "18 | Androgynous, teenager. Gangly with freckled skin and a curious, eager expression. Inquisitive and excitable, always asking questions. Their oversized boots seem to weigh them down slightly.",
    "18": "19 | Female, elderly. Hunched and frail with mechanical legs that click softly as she moves. Wise and contemplative, often quoting ancient philosophies. Wears a scarf woven with reflective threads.",
    "19": "20 | Male, adult. Lean with a scarred face and sharp features. Quiet and brooding, often avoiding eye contact. His jacket is lined with concealed compartments for various contraband.",
    "20": "21 | Female, middle-aged. Athletic with short silver hair and piercing blue eyes. Commanding and strategic, with a sharp mind for tactics. Wears a sleek, armoured bodysuit with rank insignias.",
    "21": "22 | Androgynous, young adult. Tall and elegant with smooth, reflective skin and luminescent blue markings. Mysterious and aloof, rarely speaking unless necessary. Wears an alien-designed exosuit.",
    "22": "23 | Male, elderly. Frail with sunken eyes and a mechanical breathing apparatus attached to his chest. Witty and sarcastic, often masking his wisdom with humour. Wears a worn flight jacket decorated with old medals.",
    "23": "24 | Female, adult. Broad and muscular with tribal tattoos covering her arms. Loyal and protective, with a hearty laugh. Carries a massive wrench that doubles as a weapon.",
    "24": "25 | Androgynous, middle-aged. Slender with long, braided hair streaked with silver. Diplomatic and composed, skilled at mediation. Wears a formal suit adorned with glowing emblems.",
    "25": "26 | Male, young adult. Lanky with messy hair and oil-stained clothes. Nerdy and awkward, often rambling about his latest invention. Wears oversized goggles pushed up on his forehead.",
    "26": "27 | Female, young adult. Graceful with long dark hair and golden irises. Quietly confident, often leading by example. Wears a sleek pilot’s uniform with custom embroidery.",
    "27": "28 | Androgynous, adult. Compact with smooth, golden skin and a high-tech visor covering their eyes. Analytical and efficient, often focused on data. Wears a utility harness loaded with scanning devices.",
    "28": "29 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a booming voice and a thick accent. Jolly and welcoming, often sharing tales of his travels. Wears a colourful jacket adorned with pins from different star systems.",
    "29": "30 | Female, elderly. Frail but sharp-eyed with intricate cybernetic enhancements. Witty and sarcastic, often calling people out with dry humour. Wears a long coat fitted with multiple hidden tools.",
    "30": "31 | Androgynous, teenager. Short and scrappy with a mop of green-dyed hair. Bold and mischievous, often hacking into systems for fun. Wears fingerless gloves with glowing circuitry patterns.",
    "31": "32 | Male, adult. Rugged and battle-scarred with a mechanical arm that hisses as it moves. Quiet and brooding, with a strong sense of justice. Wears an old military uniform, faded but well-kept.",
    "32": "33 | Female, middle-aged. Stout and tough with a missing eye covered by a sleek metallic patch. Gruff but caring, often looking out for rookies. Wears a toolbelt brimming with custom gadgets.",
    "33": "34 | Male, elderly. Tall and wiry with sunken cheeks and a bald head. Wise and philosophical, often quoting ancient starfarers. Wears a simple robe and a glowing pendant.",
    "34": "35 | Androgynous, adult. Slim with silver tattoos running down their arms and a serene expression. Calm and deliberate, often meditating in their downtime. Wears a flowing robe that shifts colours subtly.",
    "35": "36 | Female, young adult. Lithe and nimble with short-cropped hair and a mischievous grin. Energetic and daring, always up for a challenge. Wears lightweight armour with numerous pouches.",
    "36": "37 | Male, teenager. Gangly and awkward with a mop of unruly hair and oversized glasses. Excitable and eager, often rambling about his favourite tech. Wears a jacket adorned with blinking LED lights.",
    "37": "38 | Female, adult. Graceful and striking with dark, luminous skin and intricate braids. Confident and assertive, with a natural charisma. Wears a ceremonial robe edged with gold filigree.",
    "38": "39 | Androgynous, elderly. Frail but regal with shimmering metallic skin and glowing eyes. Quiet and contemplative, often observing without speaking. Wears a high-tech cloak that shifts translucently.",
    "39": "40 | Male, young adult. Athletic with spiky red hair and a cocky attitude. Brash and daring, always pushing boundaries. Wears a flight jacket with bold flame decals.",
    "40": "41 | Female, adult. Slender with olive-toned skin and vivid orange hair tied into a high ponytail. Observant and sharp-tongued, often quick with a biting remark. Wears a sleek black jumpsuit with metallic shoulder pads.",
    "41": "42 | Male, elderly. Stocky with a mechanical leg that clicks softly as he walks. Gruff but surprisingly kind, with a gravelly voice. His jacket is adorned with patches from various mining colonies.",
    "42": "43 | Androgynous, young adult. Tall and elegant with smooth, iridescent skin that shifts colours in the light. Quiet and introspective, often lost in thought. Wears a flowing vest decorated with glowing patterns.",
    "43": "44 | Female, middle-aged. Short and stocky with cropped salt-and-pepper hair and a stern expression. Pragmatic and no-nonsense, often taking charge in crises. Wears reinforced armour marked with unit insignias.",
    "44": "45 | Male, young adult. Lanky with unruly black hair and bright green eyes. Clever and mischievous, often grinning as he schemes. Wears a tool vest bristling with stolen gadgets.",
    "45": "46 | Androgynous, elderly. Frail and hunched with smooth, metallic arms and faintly glowing blue veins. Wise but cryptic, speaking in riddles. Wears a long, patchwork robe that seems to hum faintly with energy.",
    "46": "47 | Female, teenager. Petite with short, curly hair dyed a soft lavender. Energetic and excitable, often buzzing with enthusiasm. Wears a neon jacket that reflects light in dazzling patterns.",
    "47": "48 | Male, adult. Muscular with short-cropped hair and a scar running down one cheek. Intense and focused, often scanning his surroundings for threats. Wears a tactical suit with multiple holstered weapons.",
    "48": "49 | Female, young adult. Graceful with pale skin and sleek black hair cascading down her back. Calm and deliberate, often calculating her next move. Wears a silver jumpsuit with a glowing red emblem.",
    "49": "50 | Androgynous, middle-aged. Lean with smooth skin and cybernetic implants along the neck and temples. Charismatic and persuasive, often leading negotiations. Wears a dark cloak that seems to absorb light.",
    "50": "51 | Male, teenager. Scrappy and thin with messy brown hair and dirt-streaked clothes. Bold and a little reckless, always looking for adventure. Wears fingerless gloves fitted with tiny tools.",
    "51": "52 | Female, elderly. Frail but spry with short, wispy white hair and sharp eyes. Witty and sarcastic, often teasing others. Wears a scarf lined with glowing threads and carries a cane that doubles as a stun rod.",
    "52": "53 | Androgynous, adult. Slender with golden skin and reflective silver eyes. Quiet and mysterious, often speaking in cryptic phrases. Wears an exosuit with elegant, streamlined features.",
    "53": "54 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a thick beard and a weathered face. Gruff but loyal, often cracking jokes to lighten the mood. Wears a patched leather coat and heavy-duty boots.",
    "54": "55 | Female, teenager. Tall and awkward with a mop of red hair and freckles. Shy but eager to prove herself, often stammering when nervous. Wears an oversized jacket covered in pins from different spaceports.",
    "55": "56 | Androgynous, young adult. Lean and athletic with bronze skin and bright teal hair styled in spikes. Confident and daring, with a penchant for showing off. Wears a flight suit with holographic accents.",
    "56": "57 | Male, elderly. Thin and wiry with a mechanical hand that clicks as it moves. Thoughtful and deliberate, often pausing to consider his words. Wears a tattered cloak with a glowing pendant.",
    "57": "58 | Female, adult. Compact and strong with short black hair and piercing green eyes. Fiercely determined, often diving headfirst into challenges. Wears a reinforced tactical vest adorned with survival gear.",
    "58": "59 | Male, young adult. Broad-shouldered with short blonde hair and a lopsided grin. Easygoing and charming, always ready with a joke. Wears a pilot’s jacket with his name stitched on the sleeve.",
    "59": "60 | Androgynous, elderly. Regal and serene with shimmering metallic hair and glowing blue eyes. Wise and patient, often mediating disputes. Wears flowing robes that appear to ripple like water."
  }
}
