{
  "name": "Sci-fi Starting Environment",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Spaceship – Transport Class – In transit between ports or systems.Start at: the shared mess cabin, the personal bunk space, the rear cargo hold, the crew hygiene module, the isolation chamber, or the maintenance crawlspace near engine stabilisers.",
    "1": "2 | Spaceship – Survey Vessel – Outfitted for long-range exploration.Start at: the surface scan chamber, the sample lab, the pilot rest cabin, the secondary greenhouse pod, the calibration room, or the equipment locker bay.",
    "2": "3 | Spaceship – Cargo Carrier – Large, functional, and slow. Start at: the refrigeration unit, the crate storage level, the airlock prep room, the cargo mass regulator chamber, the manifest control suite, or the containment shielding area.",
    "3": "4 | Space Station – Civilian Hub – Stable, long-term, open to visitors. Start at: the dormitory lounge, the shared bathing chamber, the dining room for transients, the sleeping capsule hall, the entertainment screen room, or the central info kiosk cabin.",
    "4": "5 | Space Station – Research Ring – Purpose-built for monitoring and containment. Start at: the isolation lab, the observation dome interior, the recombination lab, the sealed contamination room, the secondary med ward, or the cooling chamber for samples.",
    "5": "6 | Shipyard Bay – Orbital or moonside, active construction zone. Start at: the repair prep room, the frame assembly chamber, the blueprint holosuite, the suit recharge zone, the command scaffold suite, or the exterior rigging stow room.",
    "6": "7 | Mining Platform – Belt-Based – Floating among fractured rock. Start at: the ore furnace room, the sift vibration chamber, the crew bunk zone, the backup oxygen shelter, the drill team briefing room, or the emergency rations cache.",
    "7": "8 | Planetary Colony – Permanent – Organised and resource-stable. Start at: the kitchen dome, the indoor farming space, the communal sleeping chamber, the education pod, the weather monitor room, or the long-term storage shelter.",
    "8": "9 | Remote Outpost – Light Staffing – Small and cut-off. Start at: the emergency food store, the wall-insulated rest cabin, the portable medtech shelter, the ration sorting bay, the emergency heating room, or the solar intake room.",
    "9": "10 | Terraforming Zone – In Progress – Contained and changing. Start at: the mist nutrient control room, the soil adjustment suite, the sealed air lab, the greenhouse scaffolding dome, the scrubber station, or the hydrology loop room.",
    "10": "11 | Underground Facility – Industrial – Cool, buried, and stable. Start at: the mining control bunker, the sub-floor mechanics bay, the power regulator room, the respirator filter suite, the safety lock chamber, or the water condensation vault.",
    "11": "12 | Asteroid Core Lab – Inside hollowed mass, lightly shielded. Start at: the radiation barrier vault, the zero-g testing vault, the sample vitrification lab, the mission debrief lounge, the dry storage zone, or the hull-cooled emergency shelter.",
    "12": "13 | Crater Settlement – Dug-in and naturally sheltered. Start at: the hydroponic prep room, the housing dome hub, the central communal chamber, the air-seal monitoring room, the decontamination locker, or the grain storage shelter.",
    "13": "14 | Frozen Exoplanet Site – Cold, clear, and isolated. Start at: the cryo-stabilised bunkroom, the insulated water tank, the geothermal reheat chamber, the snow-melt processing unit, the group sleeping cell, or the primary weather bunker.",
    "14": "15 | Tether Terminal – Planetary Base – Space elevator ground link. Start at: the customs inspection hall, the orbital exchange suite, the gear fitting bay, the signal reception room, the evac prep centre, or the deepline staff hall.",
    "15": "16 | Low-Orbit Habitat – Thin Atmosphere – Suspended or floating. Start at: the gravity sleep ring, the oxygen-rich rest bay, the exercise chamber, the radiation monitoring centre, the nutrient concentrate dispenser, or the perimeter visual dome.",
    "16": "17 | Jungle Edge Camp – At the margin of dense terrain. Start at: the canopy gear shelter, the screened eating area, the compact sleeping bay, the backup power tent, the wash zone with filtered runoff, or the survival tool cache.",
    "17": "18 | Ocean Platform – Floating above water, stabilised. Start at: the intake deck, the storm sensor pod, the structural support deck, the crew sleeping area, the sub-deck supply room, or the tide-monitoring dome.",
    "18": "19 | Derelict Megastructure – Ancient and mostly dormant. Start at: the dead wiring vault, the silent control chamber, the warped ventilation room, the half-flooded bulkhead, the broken observatory, or the sealed fallback shelter.",
    "19": "20 | Artificial Biodome – Simulated and monitored life system. Start at: the dome’s climate hub, the tree canopy control bay, the water-purification unit, the nutrient recharge station, the environmental pressure wall, or the biosphere maintenance chamber.",
    "20": "21 | Communications Relay Station – Orbiting and modular. Start at: the signal calibration room, the message archive vault, the sealed broadcast control, the interference repair suite, the sleeper pod, or the repeater dome exterior.",
    "21": "22 | Archive Vault – Data or cultural repository. Start at: the deep cold storage chamber, the artefact cataloguing room, the review alcove, the visitor interview suite, the legacy capsule vault, or the access control room.",
    "22": "23 | Comet Outpost – Attached to a drifting frozen mass. Start at: the sealed habitat entry, the meltwatch cabin, the skin shelter, the frost sampling lab, the ice-core chamber, or the stabiliser shield lock.",
    "23": "24 | Neutral Transit Hub – Crowded and tightly monitored. Start at: the communal waiting chamber, the medical clearance zone, the shared sleeping pod, the fare recalibration office, the public broadcast chamber, or the secure locker hall.",
    "24": "25 | Maintenance Deck – Utility Sector – Industrial and essential. Start at: the coolant processing bay, the internal equipment store, the stabiliser housing, the pressure valve control, the repair pod room, or the battery support suite.",
    "25": "26 | Diplomatic Zone – Neutral Grounds – Quiet, monitored, formal. Start at: the receiving hall, the debrief lounge, the observation bay, the staff break chamber, the negotiation vault, or the arrival interview room.",
    "26": "27 | Refuelling Platform – No Extras – Efficient and minimal. Start at: the sealed pump room, the safety locker, the auto-valve monitor unit, the coolant tank hub, the fuel overseer’s office, or the regulation command room.",
    "27": "28 | Floating Market – Atmospheric or Microgravity – Lively and dense. Start at: the cargo trader’s booth, the ledger vault, the rest capsule, the security weigh bay, the lit trade cube, or the permit log-in zone.",
    "28": "29 | Migrating Convoy – Mobile Pods – In motion, lightly tethered. Start at: the rest chamber, the food prep station, the soft-wall sleep unit, the med patch bay, the open crate zone, or the caravan link room.",
    "29": "30 | Transit Point – In-Between – Functional, not welcoming. Start at: the cargo inventory office, the records kiosk, the shared sleep cell, the kinetic pod room, the transfer admin room, or the holding suite.",
    "30": "31 | Military Space Station – Regimented and high-clearance. Start at: the prep armoury, the squad bunk zone, the officer lounge, the mission planning vault, the strategic operations centre, or the security rotation chamber.",
    "31": "32 | Military Spaceship – Armed and disciplined. Start at: the command deck, the squad room, the weapons simulation bay, the ration control unit, the internal orders vault, or the encrypted comms hub.",
    "32": "33 | Working Megastructure – Populated and sprawling. Start at: the calibration hall, the rest pod capsule, the hydration station, the materials intake room, the operations bay, or the duty assignment hub.",
    "33": "34 | Personal Spaceship – Owned, gifted, or stolen. Start at: the cockpit, the crawlspace behind nav systems, the sleeping cell, the ration supply room, the log archive screen, or the stabiliser panel.",
    "34": "35 | Spaceport – Orbital or planetary arrival site. Start at: the customs lounge, the stasis orientation room, the freight bay, the ID queue, the public rest zone, or the contract pilot’s berth.",
    "35": "36 | Prison Colony – Enclosed and harsh. Start at: the communal cell (prisoner), the labour prep room (guard or inmate), the ration booth (worker), the triage unit (any role), the intake processing bay, or the assignment ledger vault.",
    "36": "37 | Mars Settlement – Dry, red, and long-term. Start at: the sub-surface rest chamber, the grow dome, the dust-sealed library, the decompression room, the briefing room, or the water filtration hub.",
    "37": "38 | Generation Ship – Slow voyage across centuries.",
    "38": "Start at: the hydroponics duct, the crew rotation room, the education cell, the work assignment hall, the archive viewing space, or the genetic access chamber.",
    "39": "39 | Futuristic Earth – Stable, clean, and networked. Start at: a shared arcology pod, the greenhouse tower, the diagnostics chamber, the soft-lit civic hall, the habitat’s discussion chamber, or the Earth spaceport intake centre (visitor, resident, or worker).",
    "40": "40 | Slave Colony – Controlled and dangerous. Start at: the labour bunkhouse (enslaved), the ration issue room, the overseer’s quarters (staff), the punishment log room, the escape tunnel cache, or the harvest load bay.",
    "41": "41 | Alien Planet – Homestead Site – Pioneer-built, isolated. Start at: the grow dome, the utility shelter, the supply cache dome, the shared cooking unit, the filtered airlock chamber, or the solar scaffolding post.",
    "42": "42 | Alien Planet – Ruin Zone – Abandoned by unknown builders. Start at: the etched stone chamber, the sealed archive vault, the ash-marked ritual room, the elevated ritual canopy, the sand-choked gallery, or the fractured observatory pit.",
    "43": "43 | Alien Planet – Hostile Surface – Inhospitable and reactive. Start at: the survival pod, the radiation tent, the chem scrub chamber, the hover shelter, the insulated recharge room, or the stormproof supply dome.",
    "44": "44 | Alien Planet – Research Site – Studying life or terrain. Start at: the xenobotany bay, the hydration test chamber, the sealed observation pod, the sleep quarter near sensors, the atmospheric monitor, or the live sample hub.",
    "45": "45 | Alien Planet – Crystal Terrain – Sharp, resonant, and strange. Start at: the echo-dampened shelter, the crystal analyser tent, the cliffside anchor chamber, the filtered rest cube, the vibration-measured sleep pod, or the spire-lit mineral shelter.",
    "46": "46 | Lunar Base – Cold, stark, and dust-sealed; low gravity, exposed skies. Start at: the low-oxygen sleep module, the sealed geology chamber, the dust-tracked hygiene unit, the solar shielding control room, the emergency shelter beneath landing struts, or the pressurised cabin of a grounded rover parked near the dome.",
    "47": "47 | Ocean Planet – Underwater Metropolis – Vast, pressurised, and humming beneath the waves. Start at: the sub-dock arrival bay, your compact sleeping unit in a deep-core apartment complex, the communal dining hall lit by shifting bioluminescent panels, the soft-walled meditation room built into a sealed tower, the supply kiosk in a pressure-neutral marketplace, or the glass-fronted lounge with filtered views of drifting life."
  }
}
