{
  "name": "Unique Features of Space Exploration",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | A planet-sized construct, seemingly made of interlocking metal plates. Its surface is cold, silent, and ancient—yet deep within, faint vibrations pulse like a sleeping heartbeat.",
    "1": "2 | A crimson gas giant, its swirling atmosphere torn apart by lightning storms stretching thousands of miles wide. Occasionally, flashes reveal impossible structures suspended within the maelstrom.",
    "2": "3 | A derelict space station, adrift near an asteroid field, its lights flickering sporadically. The hull is riddled with impact scars, but life support readings suggest something inside is still functioning.",
    "3": "4 | A moon fractured in half, its exposed core glowing with a soft, pulsating blue light. Chunks of its surface slowly drift apart, held together only by unseen forces.",
    "4": "5 | A black hole on the edge of a system, its gravity warping the nearby stars into stretched, swirling streaks. Strange signals echo from its event horizon—patterns that almost resemble language.",
    "5": "6 | A city encased in a transparent dome, floating in deep space. No signs of life remain, but the buildings appear pristine, untouched by time or decay.",
    "6": "7 | A planet where the surface shifts like liquid metal, rippling in slow waves despite being solid beneath your feet. Walking feels unnatural, like stepping on something alive.",
    "7": "8 | A space station overgrown with alien flora, vines twisting through corridors, glowing spores drifting through zero-gravity halls. Some doors have been forced open, not by age, but by something strong.",
    "8": "9 | A ring system composed entirely of shattered ships, their remnants slowly orbiting a dying planet. The wrecks range from sleek fighters to massive dreadnoughts, frozen in an eternal battlefield.",
    "9": "10 | A barren world of obsidian-black sand, where towering crystalline structures hum with energy. Instruments detect no seismic activity, yet the spires shift subtly when no one is watching.",
    "10": "11 | A nebula of violet and gold, its swirling gases forming vast, luminous clouds. Deep within, colossal floating creatures drift aimlessly, their translucent forms pulsating with unknown rhythms.",
    "11": "12 | A rogue planet wandering through interstellar space, its surface locked in eternal twilight. Scanners detect deep underground tunnels, but no signs of who—or what—built them.",
    "12": "13 | A starship graveyard in high orbit around a dead sun, hundreds of derelicts tangled in gravitational decay. Some still have power, their beacons flashing faint, ancient distress signals.",
    "13": "14 | A colossal artificial ring, large enough to encircle an entire planet. Its surface is covered in unfamiliar glyphs, and some sections appear newer than others—as if someone is still maintaining it.",
    "14": "15 | A frozen ocean world, its surface covered in thick, unbroken ice. Beneath the surface, enormous shadowy figures glide through the depths, occasionally tapping against the ice with slow, deliberate intent.",
    "15": "16 | A storm-ravaged planet, its atmosphere composed of churning green clouds, raining liquid methane. Immense lightning arcs across the sky, but oddly, no thunder follows.",
    "16": "17 | A station tethered to a massive asteroid, its hull fused with the rock as if it had grown from it. The docking bay doors remain open, waiting for something—or someone—to return.",
    "17": "18 | A volcanic world, its magma glowing in strange neon hues, far too vibrant to be natural. The air above the fissures shimmers, distorting reality itself.",
    "18": "19 | A deep-space anomaly, an invisible field stretching thousands of kilometres. Ships passing through experience lost time, missing hours or even days without realising it.",
    "19": "20 | A deserted mining colony, its drill sites abandoned mid-operation. Machinery rusts under the harsh alien sun, yet inside the living quarters, meals sit untouched, as if the workers vanished in an instant.",
    "20": "21 | A supermassive black hole, its event horizon flickering with distorted images—glimpses of other worlds, other times, or something else entirely.",
    "21": "22 | A gas giant with an impossibly straight scar, stretching across its entire surface, as though something titanic had slashed it with a blade.",
    "22": "23 | A planet covered in a single, endless city, its towers stretching miles into the sky. Every screen still blinks with activity, but no organic life remains.",
    "23": "24 | A moon covered in reflective liquid, mirroring the stars above perfectly. When disturbed, the liquid reveals glimpses of another galaxy entirely.",
    "24": "25 | A system of shattered planets, drifting in eerie synchronisation, their fractured pieces never colliding, held together by an unseen force.",
    "25": "26 | A titanic spaceborne creature, resembling a hybrid of organic and mechanical design, drifting lifelessly near a dying star.",
    "26": "27 | A planet locked in perpetual twilight, where two suns hover eternally on opposite horizons, casting endless, warring shadows.",
    "27": "28 | A labyrinthine asteroid belt, its pathways shifting unpredictably, as if adjusting to mislead and trap those who venture too deep.",
    "28": "29 | A station orbiting a neutron star, its outer hull covered in strange, shifting carvings that appear different upon each visit.",
    "29": "30 | A planet covered in crystalline structures, resembling vast, jagged flowers that vibrate with unearthly harmonics when touched.",
    "30": "31 | A dead world covered in kilometre-high statues, all facing the same point in the sky—where nothing but empty space lies.",
    "31": "32 | A star that flickers unnaturally, appearing to pulse in perfect sync with a distant, unidentified radio transmission.",
    "32": "33 | A station seemingly constructed inside a hollowed-out asteroid, its corridors winding and nonsensical, looping in ways that defy logic.",
    "33": "34 | A moonlet trapped between three gravity wells, its surface constantly shifting as the opposing forces battle for control.",
    "34": "35 | A dust-covered colony, where old footprints remain undisturbed, yet the structures are utterly abandoned.",
    "35": "36 | A planet with oceans of liquid mercury, their tides controlled by unseen gravitational anomalies.",
    "36": "37 | A ring of dark matter, invisible to the eye but distorting light and sensor readings, hiding whatever lurks inside.",
    "37": "38 | A barren wasteland of petrified trees, each one carbonised into black glass, yet warm to the touch.",
    "38": "39 | A station still broadcasting an active distress signal, but scans detect no life forms aboard—only movement.",
    "39": "40 | A colony ship adrift, its outer hull riddled with strange, organic growths pulsing faintly.",
    "40": "41 | A moon where gravity fluctuates wildly, shifting between crushing force and near-weightlessness in unpredictable waves.",
    "41": "42 | A wormhole that remains open, yet leads to nowhere. Probes sent through return instantly—burned, aged, or perfectly intact.",
    "42": "43 | A horizon where the stars bend, as though the sky itself is just a thin barrier between realities.",
    "43": "44 | A system where every planet is tidally locked, one side bathed in perpetual fire, the other in endless darkness.",
    "44": "45 | A station orbiting an asteroid, its crew long gone, but the lights inside still flickering as though someone moves within.",
    "45": "46 | A silent world, where no sound carries, even within atmosphere, as if air itself refuses to vibrate.",
    "46": "47 | A nebula that appears different upon each approach, its swirling patterns shifting as if observing intruders.",
    "47": "48 | A world covered in an unbroken sheet of glass, the reflections showing skies and structures that do not exist.",
    "48": "49 | A planet that flickers in and out of existence, appearing solid one moment, and translucent the next.",
    "49": "50 | A station constructed on the remains of a colossal, fossilised beast, its ribcage forming the docking arms.",
    "50": "51 | A colony ship landed on an exoplanet, its hull breached and overgrown with thick, alien vines. Terminals still flicker with the last logged entries—some cut off mid-sentence.",
    "51": "52 | A moon where shadows move independently, stretching and shifting unnaturally, sometimes even detaching from their sources.",
    "52": "53 | A gas giant with a single, massive storm, perfectly circular and never dissipating, as if it were carved into the planet itself.",
    "53": "54 | A planet where gravity fluctuates irregularly, causing floating islands of rock to drift unpredictably, colliding and reforming over time.",
    "54": "55 | A field of derelict probes, scattered across the surface of a desolate world, all transmitting incomprehensible static on an ancient frequency.",
    "55": "56 | A star that orbits nothing, drifting alone in the void, surrounded by debris that suggests it once belonged to a system now completely erased.",
    "56": "57 | A hollow asteroid, its interior lined with glowing conduits, as though something once used it as a power source. Strange heat signatures flicker deep within.",
    "57": "58 | A ringworld, stretching far beyond the eye’s reach, its inner cities appearing abandoned. Yet, artificial lights still flicker across its expanse, as though waiting for something.",
    "58": "59 | A moon fractured into floating shards, held together by unknown forces. Between the cracks, something faintly pulsates, like a heartbeat beneath the stone.",
    "59": "60 | A rogue planet covered in an endless ocean, its surface smooth and undisturbed, yet sonar scans detect structures beneath—vast and symmetrical.",
    "60": "61 | A station drifting just outside a black hole’s event horizon, time around it stretched and distorted, its beacon still transmitting a message from centuries ago.",
    "61": "62 | A nebula of pure darkness, a void in space where no light reflects. Ships that venture too close report malfunctions, as if something within is reaching for them.",
    "62": "63 | A lone structure floating in deep space, resembling a cathedral built from unknown metals. Inside, statues of alien figures stand in silent worship, their faces turned toward an unseen presence.",
    "63": "64 | A planet where rainfall turns to glass upon impact, the landscape coated in shattered, razor-thin sheets that glisten under twin suns.",
    "64": "65 | A moon-sized sphere of metal, featureless and seamless, its surface undisturbed by time or impact. Scans detect an interior, but no visible means of entry.",
    "65": "66 | A spaceport built inside a colossal asteroid, its docking bays still operational, yet the interior shows no signs of ever having been inhabited.",
    "66": "67 | A dying star emitting rhythmic bursts of energy, resembling the heartbeat of a living thing rather than the natural decay of a celestial body.",
    "67": "68 | A gas giant with rings composed of frozen ruins, each fragment an ancient building, preserved perfectly in the cold vacuum of space.",
    "68": "69 | A deserted moon base, its corridors coated in a thin layer of frost. The logs indicate the crew was alive mere hours ago, yet no trace of them remains.",
    "69": "70 | A planet covered in thick, pulsating vines, each one shifting slightly when approached, as though watching, waiting.",
    "70": "71 | A field of floating monoliths, each carved with shifting symbols that reform and realign when touched. Attempts to translate them result in warnings to “leave.”",
    "71": "72 | A twin star system, where the second sun is an artificial construct, pulsing in calculated intervals as if transmitting a message.",
    "72": "73 | A station built around a wormhole, its halls empty and dark. Scanners show records of departing ships, but none ever arrived at their destinations.",
    "73": "74 | A derelict battleship the size of a city, drifting silently through space, its hull torn open by weapons long forgotten. No bodies remain aboard—only empty suits, their visors cracked from within.",
    "74": "75 | A world blanketed in metallic dust, reflecting the sky like a polished mirror. Walking through it creates faint whispers, as though the planet itself remembers those who tread upon it.",
    "75": "76 | A moon of cracked glass, its surface webbed with fractures that reveal deep, shifting shadows within. The cracks seem to change when viewed from different angles.",
    "76": "77 | A gas giant with an artificial ring of satellites, all transmitting a steady signal that matches the rhythm of human heartbeats.",
    "77": "78 | A planet where lightning storms create floating orbs of plasma, which hover eerily, moving with intelligence before dissipating into harmless mist.",
    "78": "79 | A station orbiting a neutron star, its outer plating scorched beyond recognition. Despite its ruin, its core remains untouched—intact, untouched, and still… humming.",
    "79": "80 | A colony built atop a frozen ocean, abandoned centuries ago. Beneath the ice, the faint silhouettes of structures can be seen—far larger than anything the colony ever built."
  }
}
