{
  "name": "Fantasy Dungeon Traps",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | A faint click beneath the adventurer’s boot is the only warning before the walls hiss with sudden movement. Hidden holes, barely noticeable in the dim light, release a deadly barrage of poisoned darts. They streak through the air with unnatural precision, seeking exposed flesh. The poison isn’t instantly lethal, but it burns through the veins, weakening muscles and dulling reflexes with each passing second.",
    "1": "2 | The stone underfoot crumbles without warning, sending the adventurer plummeting into a gaping pit. Below, jagged rusted iron spikes jut from the ground like fangs, coated in the dried blood of past victims. Some are broken, snapped under previous bodies—but many remain deadly sharp. The walls of the pit are slick and uneven, making escape a near-impossible feat without aid.",
    "2": "3 | A rune carved into the wall glows faintly, pulsing in time with an unseen force. The moment an adventurer steps too close, it detonates in a roaring blast of fire, the scorching heat licking across the stone. Flames sear exposed skin and ignite anything flammable in an instant. The shockwave sends dust and debris cascading from the ceiling, weakening the structure dangerously.",
    "3": "4 | A row of statues stands in eerie silence, their stone gazes fixed forward. The moment a pressure plate is triggered, their eyes flicker with an unnatural glow. With a low grinding noise, the statues lurch into motion, drawing heavy weapons and attacking with terrifying force. Their movements are slow, but relentless—unyielding guardians bound to a duty long forgotten.",
    "4": "5 | A low rumbling shakes the corridor, followed by a deafening silence. Then, with a thunderous crash, the ceiling collapses, sending tonnes of stone tumbling down. The impact is brutal, crushing anything caught beneath. Even those who dodge the initial fall are trapped behind a wall of debris, their path forward now buried under rubble.",
    "5": "6 | A heavy iron door looms ahead, its surface covered in strange, faded runes. The moment someone attempts to pick the lock or force it open, small vents above release a thick, green vapour, curling through the air like a living thing. Within seconds, limbs turn sluggish and unresponsive. The paralytic effect is not immediate, but every moment spent breathing the air steals more control away.",
    "6": "7 | The floor seems solid—until one wrong step sends the entire corridor tilting. The adventurer barely has a moment to react before they’re sliding uncontrollably down a newly formed chute, hurtling towards a pit lined with sharpened wooden stakes. Some of the stakes are already splintered and stained—clear signs that this trap has claimed many before.",
    "7": "8 | A near-invisible tripwire stretches across the corridor, undisturbed for centuries. The moment it is broken, a mechanism in the wall clicks, releasing a sudden hail of jagged metal shards. The air whistles as they streak past, slicing through armour and embedding deep into exposed flesh. The floor is soon slick with blood, and the trap resets with a slow, mechanical groan.",
    "8": "9 | The ceiling shudders ominously before a massive iron cage drops down, slamming onto the stone floor with a deafening clang. The bars are thick and reinforced, resisting brute force or lockpicking attempts. A faint hum suggests arcane energy woven into the metal, preventing easy escape. The real horror, however, lies in the distant scraping sounds approaching the trapped victim.",
    "9": "10 | A thin slit in the wall, barely noticeable, hides a concealed crossbow mechanism. The moment an adventurer crosses a specific threshold, a barbed bolt launches with terrifying speed, its wickedly serrated edges designed to tear through muscle and sinew. The pain of removing it is worse than the impact. The floor beneath is stained with dark, dried blood from past victims.",
    "10": "11 | A stone pedestal holds a dazzling gemstone, shimmering under the flickering torchlight. But the moment it is lifted, the floor drops away beneath the thief’s feet. Below, a nest of writhing serpents stirs, their scaled bodies twisting over each other. Their forked tongues flicker, tasting the air, while their venomous fangs gleam in the darkness, ready to strike.",
    "11": "12 | A faint hum vibrates through the air, emanating from an intricate sigil carved into the ground. The moment an adventurer steps too close, crackling arcs of lightning burst forth, lashing out like a living whip. The searing energy blackens metal, scorches flesh, and locks muscles in spasms of agony. The lingering static charge leaves the air thick and oppressive.",
    "12": "13 | The flagstones are unnaturally cold, the chill seeping through boots. The moment an unseen trigger is activated, a sudden blast of freezing air rushes through the corridor, coating everything in thick layers of ice. The floor becomes slick and treacherous, while frost clings to weapons and numbs fingers into uselessness. The bitter cold bites deep, slowing movement to a crawl.",
    "13": "14 | An ancient suit of armour stands against the wall, dust clinging to its surface. As an adventurer passes, the visor snaps open with an unnatural screech, releasing a billowing cloud of choking gas. The vapour burns in the lungs, a paralytic agent designed to leave victims gasping and vulnerable. The helmet slowly turns, as if watching its struggling prey.",
    "14": "15 | A dust-covered chest sits at the corridor’s end, its brass fittings tarnished with age. The moment the lid is opened, hidden mechanisms launch a spray of fragile glass vials into the air. As they shatter on impact, a hissing, corrosive acid splashes outward, burning through flesh, eating away at armour, and leaving behind deep, ragged scars.",
    "15": "16 | A shallow pool of water stretches across the chamber, its surface perfectly still. The moment someone steps in, however, they are yanked downward with terrifying force. The liquid isn’t ordinary—it pulls like a living thing, dragging its victim into an unseen abyss beneath the floor. The cold is suffocating, and the murky depths show no sign of release.",
    "16": "17 | A solid stone door slams shut behind the adventurer, locking with an ominous clang. A second later, a deep grinding sound echoes above. The ceiling begins its slow descent, pressing downward with steady, inescapable force. Every second counts—the space narrows inch by inch, the air becoming thick with dust and the scent of old death.",
    "17": "18 | The corridor is littered with small, unassuming fragments of bone. With each step, a sharp pain lances through the feet—hidden beneath the dust are rusted caltrops, their wicked spikes piercing deep. Movement becomes agonisingly slow, leaving the adventurer vulnerable and bleeding, the iron-tasting air tainted with something worse than rust.",
    "18": "19 | The passage suddenly lurches, the floor tilting into a sheer stone slide. The adventurer is sent tumbling uncontrollably downwards, the walls rushing past in a blur. The drop seems endless—until it ends in total blackness. There is no visible bottom, only a chilling sound—something large, moving in the dark, waiting.",
    "19": "20 | A metallic crash rings out behind as an iron grate slams down, sealing off retreat. Ahead, a deep rumbling begins, followed by a rush of water. Within moments, cold, murky liquid floods the chamber, rising with terrifying speed. The air grows thin as the water closes in, leaving only one question—how long can you hold your breath?",
    "20": "21 | A gleaming orb of light rests atop an intricately carved pedestal, humming with faint energy. The moment it is lifted, a deep metallic click echoes through the chamber, followed by a sudden rush of air—a blade swings out from a hidden groove in the wall, cutting across waist height with deadly precision. The blade is fast but predictable, leaving just enough time for a sharp eye to react before it resets with an ominous clang.",
    "21": "22 | A grand wooden door, slightly ajar, leads to the next chamber. The moment someone steps through, the air crackles with unseen force—an invisible shockwave hurls them backwards, slamming them into the stone behind. A shimmering arcane field now blocks the doorway, faint ripples distorting the air. The barrier isn’t impenetrable, but it pulses with residual energy, waiting to lash out at any who dare test it again.",
    "22": "23 | The chamber floor is covered in fine sand, undisturbed except for a few scattered bones half-buried beneath it. As the adventurer steps forward, the grains begin to shift unnaturally, revealing small holes hidden in the stone beneath. A wave of chittering insects erupts, pouring from the cracks—tiny black beetles, their mandibles snapping as they swarm towards the intruder. They don’t move quickly, but they are relentless, advancing with an eerie, singular purpose.",
    "23": "24 | The walls of the chamber display an ancient mosaic, depicting a long-forgotten battle frozen in time. The moment someone draws too close, the figures within the mosaic seem to move, their stone eyes glowing faintly. A low, resonant hum vibrates through the room, and suddenly, ghostly warriors peel free from the wall, spectral weapons raised. Their forms are half-real, flickering between solid and smoke, and their hollow voices whisper of oaths unbroken.",
    "24": "25 | A weathered stone plinth stands at the centre of the room, a small wooden chest resting atop it. The lid is slightly open, but the moment it is fully lifted, the plinth depresses—a concealed mechanism triggers in the walls, launching a sudden volley of arrows from hidden slits. The shafts slice through the air with deadly accuracy, their tips blackened with age, some broken and embedded in the walls from past victims.",
    "25": "26 | A massive ornate mirror stands against the far wall, its polished surface perfectly smooth. Yet when the adventurer moves, their reflection lags behind, a half-second too slow, its expression subtly twisted. As they draw closer, the glass shudders, and the reflection steps free, peeling itself from the mirror. It looks exactly like them—but its eyes gleam with hunger, and it carries a weapon already raised to strike.",
    "26": "27 | A doorway ahead seems normal, leading into another chamber bathed in flickering torchlight. The moment an adventurer steps through, their stomach lurches—they've stepped into thin air. The doorway was an illusion, hiding a hidden pit below. The fall is not instant, as the walls of the pit are slick but climbable—if the adventurer acts fast. At the bottom, the dim outline of past victims can be seen, their remains crumbled into dust.",
    "27": "28 | A narrow bridge of ancient stone stretches over a dark abyss, the air eerily still. The first few steps hold, but as the adventurer reaches the centre, the stone trembles—then cracks spread like lightning. Chunks begin breaking away, the bridge collapsing behind them in uneven bursts. The only way is forward, but every misstep sends another section plummeting into the void.",
    "28": "29 | A low, breathless whisper slithers through the chamber, too faint to be words but too deliberate to be the wind. The moment the adventurer takes another step, the floor beneath them vanishes, revealing a sudden drop. The pit is not deep enough to kill but deep enough to injure, and the smooth walls offer no obvious handholds. The whispering voice fades as soon as the fall is complete, leaving only silence and the weight of unseen eyes above.",
    "29": "30 | A single torch flickers in an iron sconce, its warm glow steady despite the stale air. The moment it is disturbed, the entire chamber is plunged into total, suffocating darkness. Every other source of light snuffs out instantly, leaving absolute silence—except for the faintest sound of movement just beyond reach. The torch remains burning, but its flame has turned cold and blue, casting shadows that do not match the walls.",
    "30": "31 | A solid metal key rests on a pedestal, the only apparent way forward through a locked door ahead. The key feels unnaturally cold, and the moment it is lifted, the ground beneath shifts slightly. A faint, grinding sound rumbles beneath the adventurer’s feet. Then, without warning, the entire floor becomes loose sand, shifting and sinking underfoot. What was once solid ground now flows like a slow-moving whirlpool, dragging anything above down into the dusty depths below.",
    "31": "32 | A winding corridor leads ahead, its stone walls lined with flickering torch sconces. The moment an adventurer steps past a certain point, the air fills with the thick scent of oil—then, suddenly, the walls ignite. A wave of fire erupts from both sides, roaring forward as the entire passage is engulfed in flames. The heat warps the air, turning the narrow space into an oven of crackling stone and smoke.",
    "32": "33 | A thick wooden beam, worn smooth by time, stretches across the corridor above. It appears harmless—until a hidden pressure plate is disturbed. With a violent snap, the beam swings downward with immense force, crashing through the air at chest height. The sheer weight behind it could send an unfortunate adventurer hurtling backward or smashing against the opposite wall.",
    "33": "34 | A grand chandelier hangs from the ceiling, its iron frame heavy with rusted chains and jagged glass pendants. As the adventurer walks beneath it, a series of chains suddenly snap, sending the entire structure plummeting downward. The massive iron frame crashes into the ground below, shattering glass in every direction and sending deadly shards flying outward.",
    "34": "35 | A beautifully carved stone door stands ahead, adorned with intricate engravings of ancient battles. The moment it is pushed open, a low rumbling begins, followed by a thunderous explosion. A blast of compressed air and debris erupts from the doorway, sending a shockwave through the chamber. The force alone is enough to stagger, deafen, or disorient those caught in its path, while the scattered stone shards turn into dangerous projectiles.",
    "35": "36 | The walls of the corridor tremble slightly, shifting with an unnatural groan of grinding stone. The moment an adventurer steps forward, the movement intensifies—and then, the walls begin to close in. The slow but relentless force pushes inward, reducing the available space inch by inch. The corridor ahead remains open, but the walls do not stop—they only move faster with each passing second.",
    "36": "37 | The floor is littered with scattered bones, some snapped clean, others bearing deep grooves as if gnawed upon. The moment an adventurer steps into the chamber, the bones shift violently, and skeletal hands burst from beneath the ground, grasping for ankles and legs. Some are mere remnants of past victims, but others claw forward with renewed hunger, their empty sockets glowing with eerie light.",
    "37": "38 | A golden chest sits in the centre of the room, its gilded surface catching the dim torchlight. The lock is undone, as if tempting the adventurer to look inside. But the moment even a single coin is lifted, a sudden crack splits the silence. All exits slam shut, and the floor beneath the chest begins to sink downward, revealing a pool of bubbling, acidic liquid. The chamber becomes a race against time as the golden prize sinks faster with each passing moment.",
    "38": "39 | A concealed pendulum blade swings out from the ceiling the moment a hidden pressure plate is triggered. Its razor-sharp edge gleams, slicing through the air in a deadly arc. The blade doesn’t stop—it swings back and forth in a merciless rhythm, the sound of air whistling around it a constant reminder of impending doom. The only way forward is to time movement perfectly or risk being caught in its path.",
    "39": "40 | Chains hang loosely from the walls, swaying ever so slightly despite the still air. The moment an adventurer touches one, they spring to life, wrapping around wrists, ankles, and throats with an unnatural grip of iron and ice. The links tighten mercilessly, pulling back towards the wall as if trying to drag their victim into the stone itself. The more one struggles, the tighter they become—until only complete stillness remains."
  }
}
