{
  "name": "Fantasy Quick NPCs",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Male, middle-aged. Tall and lean with a neatly trimmed beard, wearing a tattered cloak. Stern disposition, with a deep, booming voice and a piercing gaze. A long scar runs from his left cheek to his jawline.",
    "1": "2 | Female, young adult. Petite with short, choppy hair dyed a vibrant green, wearing patched leather armour. Cheerful and chatty, often seen flipping a dagger in her hand. Has a tattoo of a serpent coiled around her neck.",
    "2": "3 | Male, elderly. Stooped and frail with wispy white hair and a walking stick carved with intricate runes. Gruff but wise, with a tendency to mutter to himself. One eye is milky white, and his left hand is missing two fingers.",
    "3": "4 | Female, teenager. Gangly and awkward with a shock of fiery red hair and freckles. Nervous and shy, avoiding eye contact. Always clutching a heavy book bound in black leather.",
    "4": "5 | Male, adult. Muscular and broad-shouldered with long black hair tied back in a ponytail. Confident and cocky, with a booming laugh. Bears a prominent burn scar on his right forearm.",
    "5": "6 | Female, middle-aged. Elegant and regal with silver-streaked hair and sharp blue eyes. Calm and commanding, but with a biting wit. Wears an ornate brooch shaped like a raven.",
    "6": "7 | Male, young adult. Slender and wiry with tousled blond hair and a perpetual smirk. Flippant and sarcastic, with a knack for sneaking. Has a small gold hoop earring in one ear.",
    "7": "8 | Female, elderly. Short and stout with thick grey hair braided tightly. Stern but kind-hearted, often humming old songs. Her hands are heavily calloused, and she wears a simple iron ring.",
    "8": "9 | Male, teenager. Thin and scruffy with wild, unkempt brown hair and dirt-streaked clothes. Mischievous and quick-witted, with a tendency to steal. Has a chipped front tooth and a sly grin.",
    "9": "10 | Female, adult. Tall and imposing with sharp features and long, dark hair tied in a braid. Intense and no-nonsense, with a commanding presence. Wears a wolf’s fang on a leather cord around her neck.",
    "10": "11 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with greying hair and a ruddy complexion. Jolly and friendly, quick to share a drink or a story. Always seen with a wide-brimmed hat adorned with feathers.",
    "11": "12 | Female, young adult. Graceful and lithe with golden hair cascading down her back. Quiet and observant, with a serene smile. Wears a delicate silver circlet on her forehead.",
    "12": "13 | Male, elderly. Bent and frail with a long white beard and a crooked nose. Crotchety and easily annoyed but surprisingly clever. Carries a gnarled staff topped with a crystal.",
    "13": "14 | Female, teenager. Short and plump with rosy cheeks and a button nose. Bubbly and optimistic, often bursting into song. Always seen wearing a colourful scarf.",
    "14": "15 | Male, adult. Lean and wiry with a weathered face and sun-bleached hair. Quiet and introspective, with a keen eye for detail. His right arm is covered in tribal tattoos.",
    "15": "16 | Female, middle-aged. Broad and muscular with a square jaw and short-cropped hair. Gruff but fiercely loyal to her friends. Wears a dented breastplate with a family crest.",
    "16": "17 | Male, young adult. Pale and sickly with sunken eyes and shoulder-length black hair. Soft-spoken and timid, with an air of melancholy. Has a black raven perched on his shoulder.",
    "17": "18 | Female, elderly. Small and frail with thin white hair tied in a bun. Kind and motherly, always offering advice. Wears a shawl embroidered with stars and moons.",
    "18": "19 | Male, teenager. Slim and agile with messy auburn hair and a cocky grin. Bold and brash, often boasting about his (exaggerated) exploits. Has a leather bracer adorned with carved symbols.",
    "19": "20 | Female, adult. Statuesque and elegant with dark brown skin and tightly coiled hair. Warm and charismatic, with an infectious laugh. Wears gold hoop earrings and a colourful sash.",
    "20": "21 | Male, middle-aged. Barrel-chested with a thick beard and bushy eyebrows. Gruff and no-nonsense but dependable in a crisis. His left hand is replaced by a crude metal prosthetic.",
    "21": "22 | Female, young adult. Petite with cropped blonde hair and bright green eyes. Eager and excitable, always offering to help. Wears a charm bracelet with small animal figures.",
    "22": "23 | Male, elderly. Wiry and spry with thin white hair and twinkling blue eyes. Witty and sharp-tongued, often telling tall tales. Wears a patched cloak with a hidden flask.",
    "23": "24 | Female, teenager. Slender with long black hair tied in a high ponytail and pale skin. Quiet and thoughtful, often sketching in a notebook. Always seen with a satchel filled with charcoal sticks.",
    "24": "25 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with a strong jaw and neatly combed hair. Polite and charming but overly formal. Carries a longsword with an elaborately engraved hilt.",
    "25": "26 | Female, middle-aged. Sturdy and stout with greying hair tied in braids. Stern but fair, often offering sage advice. Has a necklace made of polished river stones.",
    "26": "27 | Male, young adult. Lanky and awkward with wild curls and a lopsided grin. Easygoing and a bit clumsy, but well-meaning. Always seen wearing mismatched socks.",
    "27": "28 | Female, elderly. Short and round with silver hair pinned back and a warm smile. Cheerful and chatty, always offering baked goods. Wears a colourful apron covered in flour smudges.",
    "28": "29 | Male, teenager. Thin and wiry with unruly black hair and a nervous twitch. Skittish and prone to stammering, avoiding attention. His left ear is pierced with a small silver stud.",
    "29": "30 | Female, adult. Tall and slender with strikingly angular features and jet-black hair. Confident and calculating, with a sharp wit. Wears a crimson cloak lined with silver embroidery.",
    "30": "31 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with salt-and-pepper hair and a jovial smile. Warm and welcoming, always cracking jokes. Carries a small wooden flute tucked into his belt.",
    "31": "32 | Female, young adult. Graceful and ethereal with flowing silver hair and piercing grey eyes. Quiet and mysterious, speaking in riddles. Wears a long, flowing gown adorned with tiny gemstones.",
    "32": "33 | Male, elderly. Short and hunched with a bald head and a thin moustache. Grumpy and easily frustrated, but deeply knowledgeable. Wears spectacles perched on the end of his nose.",
    "33": "34 | Female, teenager. Energetic and bubbly with curly brown hair and sparkling eyes. Always curious, asking endless questions. Wears a pouch full of random trinkets she collects.",
    "34": "35 | Male, adult. Rugged and weather-beaten with a short beard and calloused hands. Serious and hard-working, rarely smiling. His left leg is replaced with a wooden peg.",
    "35": "36 | Female, middle-aged. Broad and hearty with rosy cheeks and a booming laugh. Outgoing and generous, always offering a helping hand. Wears a leather apron smeared with soot.",
    "36": "37 | Male, young adult. Thin and wiry with sharp cheekbones and a mischievous grin. Sarcastic and quick-witted, often teasing others. Wears a battered tricorn hat at a jaunty angle.",
    "37": "38 | Female, elderly. Frail and stooped with deeply wrinkled skin and white hair. Wise and patient, always telling old tales. Wears a ring carved from a single piece of bone.",
    "38": "39 | Male, teenager. Tall and lanky with messy blond hair and a shy smile. Gentle and soft-spoken, avoiding conflict. Carries a small wooden bird carved with intricate details.",
    "39": "40 | Female, adult. Statuesque with dark skin and elaborate braids adorned with beads. Strong-willed and confident, often inspiring others. Wears a wide leather belt with a gleaming silver buckle.",
    "40": "41 | Androgynous, young adult. Slender with shoulder-length platinum blonde hair and soft, delicate features. Calm and enigmatic, their voice is melodic and soothing. Wears a flowing tunic that shimmers faintly in the light.",
    "41": "42 | Male, middle-aged. Stocky with salt-and-pepper stubble and a weathered face. Gruff but kind-hearted, often grumbling under his breath. His right hand is tattooed with intricate geometric patterns.",
    "42": "43 | Female, elderly. Petite and wiry with wispy white hair tucked under a wide-brimmed hat. Sharp-tongued and quick-witted, with a mischievous sparkle in her eye. Carries a basket filled with herbs and dried flowers.",
    "43": "44 | Androgynous, adult. Tall and athletic with tanned skin and short-cropped dark hair. Quiet and serious, often scanning the surroundings with a watchful gaze. Wears a simple leather vest adorned with small carved charms.",
    "44": "45 | Male, teenager. Small and wiry with untidy black hair and bright green eyes. Nervous and jumpy, often glancing over his shoulder. Has a patch sewn onto his jacket with a fox emblem.",
    "45": "46 | Female, young adult. Graceful and soft-spoken with wavy chestnut hair and hazel eyes. Gentle and empathetic, always offering comfort. Wears a delicate silver anklet that jingles faintly when she walks.",
    "46": "47 | Androgynous, middle-aged. Broad-shouldered with sun-kissed skin and striking golden eyes. Warm and charismatic, often leading with confidence. Wears a thick woolen scarf wrapped around their neck, regardless of the weather.",
    "47": "48 | Male, elderly. Short and stout with a bushy grey beard and a booming laugh. Jolly and welcoming, but fiercely protective of his friends. Wears a worn leather belt with a large bronze buckle shaped like a bear’s head.",
    "48": "49 | Female, adult. Slender with high cheekbones and long auburn hair braided intricately. Commanding and confident, with a sharp tongue and piercing eyes. Wears a cloak clasped with an emerald brooch.",
    "49": "50 | Androgynous, young adult. Lean with olive-toned skin and bright amber eyes. Playful and flirtatious, with an air of mystery. Wears a necklace strung with colourful glass beads that catch the sunlight.",
    "50": "51 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with thick, greying hair and a grizzled face. Gruff and practical, but with a soft spot for children. Carries a wooden pipe that he often chews on absentmindedly.",
    "51": "52 | Female, teenager. Slightly plump with rosy cheeks and shoulder-length curly hair. Bubbly and curious, always asking questions. Wears a baggy sweater embroidered with little stars.",
    "52": "53 | Androgynous, elderly. Tall and regal with smooth grey hair tied back into a low ponytail. Wise and reserved, often speaking in riddles. Wears flowing robes trimmed with delicate golden embroidery.",
    "53": "54 | Male, young adult. Gangly with unruly dark hair and a crooked smile. Eager and clumsy, often tripping over his own feet. Wears a frayed scarf wrapped haphazardly around his neck.",
    "54": "55 | Female, adult. Short and muscular with dark brown skin and closely cropped hair. Confident and quick-witted, with a booming laugh. Wears a belt with a collection of small pouches hanging from it.",
    "55": "56 | Androgynous, teenager. Slim and wiry with pale skin and silvery hair cropped short. Quiet and observant, rarely speaking unless necessary. Wears a simple tunic belted with a length of twine.",
    "56": "57 | Male, elderly. Hunched and frail with thinning white hair and a walking cane carved from driftwood. Slow-moving but sharp-minded, with a knack for storytelling. Wears a pair of round spectacles perched on his nose.",
    "57": "58 | Female, middle-aged. Stocky with greying hair tied into a messy bun and a weathered face. Stern but fair, often scolding others with a wag of her finger. Wears a thick leather apron smeared with grease and soot.",
    "58": "59 | Androgynous, adult. Slender and graceful with deep brown eyes and smooth caramel skin. Calm and deliberate, with a soothing presence. Wears a hooded cloak fastened with a wooden pin carved into a bird.",
    "59": "60 | Male, young adult. Broad-shouldered with a shaved head and a neatly trimmed beard. Energetic and ambitious, often volunteering for difficult tasks. Wears a thick leather bracer engraved with his family crest."
  }
}
