{
  "name": "Reasons for a break up",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Grew Apart – What once felt effortless became strained. Their ambitions, interests, or priorities no longer aligned, leaving them feeling like strangers sharing the same space.",
    "1": "2 | Infidelity – Whether a fleeting betrayal or a secret affair, the trust they built was shattered, and no words could undo the damage.",
    "2": "3 | Long-Distance Strain – Time apart took its toll. Calls became shorter, letters stopped arriving, visits became rare, or duties and responsibilities kept them separated for too long.",
    "3": "4 | Family Interference – A disapproving parent, overbearing relatives, or family obligations made the relationship impossible to sustain. No matter how strong their love, it wasn’t enough.",
    "4": "5 | Different Life Goals – One dreamed of settling down, the other sought adventure. Whether it was duty, ambition, or personal desires, their paths were never meant to stay entwined.",
    "5": "6 | Lack of Communication – Words that needed to be spoken never were. Assumptions and misunderstandings built walls between them until there was nothing left but silence.",
    "6": "7 | Financial Problems – Debts, reckless spending, or the burden of providing weighed heavily. Eventually, the strain became greater than their love could withstand.",
    "7": "8 | Betrayal Beyond Cheating – A lie too great, a broken oath, or a hidden past unravelled the trust between them. Even if love remained, the damage could not be undone.",
    "8": "9 | Toxic Patterns – The cycle of fights, apologies, and short-lived peace repeated until exhaustion set in. What once was passion became poison.",
    "9": "10 | One-Sided Effort – One always carried the weight of the relationship while the other took it for granted. Eventually, the one who tried hardest had nothing left to give.",
    "10": "11 | Jealousy Issues – Every interaction sparked suspicion, every absence became a reason to doubt. In the end, trust was drowned in paranoia.",
    "11": "12 | Fell for Someone Else – Feelings changed, whether over months or in a single moment. No matter how hard they tried to hold on, one of them had already let go.",
    "12": "13 | Lack of Physical Intimacy – The warmth between them faded, whether due to distance, duty, or neglect. Attempts to reignite the spark failed, leaving only an empty bond.",
    "13": "14 | Different Priorities – Whether it was a calling, a career, or a personal mission, one always put something else before the relationship. Eventually, the other walked away.",
    "14": "15 | Cultural or Religious Differences – What once seemed small grew into an unbridgeable divide. Traditions, beliefs, or expectations forced them apart.",
    "15": "16 | Addiction or Self-Destructive Behaviour – Whether lost in drink, gambling, dangerous magic, or reckless choices, one of them spiralled down a path the other couldn’t follow.",
    "16": "17 | Broken Trust Without Cheating – Promises were broken, secrets kept too long, or a betrayal came from a place other than love. The wound was deep, and trust never recovered.",
    "17": "18 | One Wasn't Ready – Perhaps the love was real, but one of them wasn’t prepared for commitment, responsibility, or the sacrifices needed to make it work.",
    "18": "19 | Faded Romance – No great betrayal, no single moment of loss—just the slow, inevitable fading of something that once burned brightly.",
    "19": "20 | One Outgrew the Other – One embraced change and growth while the other stayed the same. In the end, they were no longer moving in the same direction.",
    "20": "21 | Refusal to Change – Promises of self-improvement were made but never kept. One grew tired of waiting for something that would never come.",
    "21": "22 | Unresolved Trauma – Personal demons, past pain, or deep-seated fears created a barrier between them that love alone couldn’t break through.",
    "22": "23 | Too Much Pressure – Expectations from family, society, or each other became suffocating. Eventually, the weight of it all crushed what they had.",
    "23": "24 | One Chose Freedom Over Commitment – Love was not enough to hold them. Whether drawn to adventure, power, or solitude, one of them had to leave.",
    "24": "25 | Exhausting Drama – Passion and intensity turned into chaos and exhaustion. What once felt thrilling became a constant source of stress.",
    "25": "26 | Disrespected Boundaries – Promises were ignored, privacy was invaded, and personal limits were disregarded. Over time, resentment took root.",
    "26": "27 | Unspoken Resentment – Every hurt, every disappointment left to fester until one day, they realised there was nothing left but bitterness.",
    "27": "28 | Lack of Support – In their moment of need—whether sickness, grief, or hardship—their partner wasn’t there. That absence spoke louder than any words.",
    "28": "29 | Cheating That Wasn’t Physical – Late-night whispers, secret letters, or an emotional connection with someone else blurred the lines of betrayal.",
    "29": "30 | Moving Too Fast (or Too Slow) – One rushed forward, the other hesitated. Their relationship was out of sync, and the imbalance became too much to bear.",
    "30": "31 | Personality Clashes – What once seemed like a perfect contrast turned into constant friction. The differences that drew them together eventually drove them apart.",
    "31": "32 | Trust Issues from Past Relationships – Old wounds and past betrayals poisoned the present, turning love into a battle against ghosts that were never truly gone.",
    "32": "33 | Unresolved Argument – One fight too many, or one that should have been resolved but never was. The words spoken that day became the beginning of the end.",
    "33": "34 | One Wanted an Open Relationship – One believed in exclusivity, the other did not. There was no compromise that would make them both happy.",
    "34": "35 | Career Took Over – The pursuit of power, wealth, or a higher calling left no room for love. Eventually, one of them chose ambition over partnership.",
    "35": "36 | Emotional Imbalance – One needed closeness, the other craved independence. No matter how much they loved each other, their needs were never truly met.",
    "36": "37 | Parental or Caregiving Duties – Responsibilities to a child, a sibling, or a household left no time or energy for romance. Eventually, love became secondary to duty.",
    "37": "38 | Ghosted After a Long Relationship – They vanished without a trace, leaving behind unanswered questions and an ache that would never fully fade.",
    "38": "39 | Boredom Took Over – The passion died, and neither of them tried to reignite it. Love turned into routine, and eventually, they walked away from the comfort of what was familiar.",
    "39": "40 | It Was Never Love to Begin With – Whether it was loneliness, duty, obligation, or convenience, one of them finally admitted that what they had wasn’t truly love.",
    "40": "41 | Betrayed for Power – One sold out the other for personal gain—whether in politics, war, or business—proving that ambition mattered more than love.",
    "41": "42 | A Love Built on Lies – The entire relationship was founded on deception. When the truth came out, the illusion shattered.",
    "42": "43 | Rivalries Became Too Much – Whether political factions, guild disputes, or warring families, external conflicts forced them to choose a side, and love lost.",
    "43": "44 | A Relationship of Obligation – Arranged marriages, alliances, or duty bound them together, but in the end, obligation wasn’t enough to keep them there.",
    "44": "45 | Lack of Physical Connection – No matter how much they cared, in bed, they were worlds apart. Desire faded, touch felt wrong, and frustration built until neither could ignore it.",
    "45": "46 | Utterly Sexually Incompatible – No matter how much they tried, their needs, preferences, or desires never matched. Frustration, disappointment, and unmet cravings turned passion into resentment.",
    "46": "47 | Dueling Loyalties – When forced to choose between love and loyalty—to a kingdom, an organisation, or a cause—one of them chose the latter.",
    "47": "48 | A Love That Was Forbidden – What was once thrilling became dangerous. Secrets weren’t enough to keep them safe, and in the end, survival won over passion.",
    "48": "49 | Used for Status or Wealth – One was never in it for love, only for money, power, or connections. When that became clear, so did the end.",
    "49": "50 | They Were Always a Rebound – One of them was never truly over their ex, and in the end, they were just filling the void until the real thing came back."
  }
}
