{
  "name": "Cyberpunk Quick NPCs",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Male, middle-aged. Tall and wiry with cybernetic arms covered in glowing neon circuitry. Stoic and methodical, rarely showing emotion. Wears a long black trench coat lined with hidden compartments.",
    "1": "2 | Female, young adult. Slender with neon-pink hair shaved on one side and glowing green cybernetic eyes. Charismatic and quick-talking, always scanning for an opportunity. Wears a high-tech jacket with shifting holographic patterns.",
    "2": "3 | Androgynous, adult. Lean with smooth, artificial-looking skin and chrome implants along the jawline. Enigmatic and detached, often speaking in riddles. Wears a sleek bodysuit with shifting colour patterns.",
    "3": "4 | Male, teenager. Short and scrappy with a mop of messy blue hair and LED tattoos on his neck. Hyperactive and street-smart, always hacking into places he shouldn’t. Wears oversized boots with retractable blades in the soles.",
    "4": "5 | Female, elderly. Bent and frail with a patchwork of cybernetic limbs and data cables trailing from her skull. Gruff but wise, a veteran of old cyber-wars. Wears a ragged cloak lined with microprocessors.",
    "5": "6 | Male, adult. Muscular with cybernetic legs that whirr softly as he moves. Ex-military, strict and disciplined, but haunted by his past. Wears combat armour with a faded corporate logo.",
    "6": "7 | Female, middle-aged. Compact and sturdy with bionic fingers designed for precision work. Sharp and pragmatic, with little patience for nonsense. Wears a worn mechanic’s jumpsuit covered in grease stains.",
    "7": "8 | Androgynous, teenager. Slender with luminescent, silver-tinged skin and artificial feline-like pupils. Agile and unpredictable, living life on the edge. Wears a skintight exo-suit lined with bio-feedback sensors.",
    "8": "9 | Male, elderly. Hunched and gaunt with a mechanical breathing apparatus wired into his chest. Bitter and jaded, endlessly complaining about “the good old days.” Wears a patchwork coat with decades-old tech logos.",
    "9": "10 | Female, adult. Tall and statuesque with polished chrome cybernetic limbs and piercing violet eyes. Intimidating and efficient, a corporate enforcer. Wears a form-fitting bodysuit with bulletproof plating.",
    "10": "11 | Male, young adult. Lanky with cybernetic spinal implants and a perpetual smirk. Arrogant and reckless, constantly looking for thrills. Wears augmented reality glasses and a sleeveless high-tech vest.",
    "11": "12 | Female, teenager. Petite with dark skin and cybernetic fingers that glow when activated. Curious and optimistic, always dreaming of revolution. Wears a patched-up bomber jacket with a neon phoenix insignia.",
    "12": "13 | Male, middle-aged. Stocky with a grizzled beard and cybernetic plates covering half his skull. Gruff but loyal, with a strong sense of honour. Wears a heavy trench coat concealing a high-powered energy pistol.",
    "13": "14 | Androgynous, adult. Slim with liquid-metal tattoos that shimmer under artificial light. Soft-spoken but deeply manipulative, always playing the long game. Wears a sleek corporate suit tailored for intimidation.",
    "14": "15 | Female, young adult. Short with a tangle of dreadlocked cables woven into her hair. Fast-talking and always running a scam. Wears neon sneakers that leave glowing footprints.",
    "15": "16 | Male, elderly. Frail but perceptive with cybernetic eyes that can zoom in like a telescope. A retired hacker turned philosopher. Wears a ragged hoodie lined with firewall encryption codes.",
    "16": "17 | Female, adult. Strong with a synthetic arm and a high-tech katana strapped to her back. Honour-bound and disciplined, always paying her debts. Wears an urban combat gi with built-in armour plating.",
    "17": "18 | Male, teenager. Skinny with shifting tattoos that change based on his mood. Overconfident and impatient, always challenging authority. Wears a hacked corporate ID chip that lets him slip past security.",
    "18": "19 | Androgynous, middle-aged. Lithe with smooth, synthetic skin and chrome facial implants. Mysterious and calculating, working in the shadows. Wears a matte black cloak that distorts nearby cameras.",
    "19": "20 | Female, elderly. Thin and sharp-featured with cybernetic wires braided into her silver hair. A legend of the cyber-rebellion, now hiding from old enemies. Wears a flowing shawl lined with hidden data drives.",
    "20": "21 | Male, young adult. Muscular with reinforced titanium knuckles and a cybernetic jaw. Brutish and aggressive, acting as a street enforcer. Wears a sleeveless vest and a flashing LED belt.",
    "21": "22 | Female, middle-aged. Slender with augmented arms designed for speed and precision. Calculating and ruthless, a top-tier assassin. Wears an adaptive camouflage cloak that blends into her surroundings.",
    "22": "23 | Male, adult. Rugged with deep-set cybernetic eyes and a permanent frown. Ex-corporate, now a mercenary for hire. Wears a bulletproof long coat with a hidden arsenal.",
    "23": "24 | Female, young adult. Agile with neon-blue circuitry lines running across her skin. A courier who knows the city’s streets better than anyone. Wears a custom-built exoskeleton that enhances her speed.",
    "24": "25 | Androgynous, teenager. Short and twitchy with circuit board-like tattoos covering their arms. A data-smuggler constantly on the run. Wears a tattered leather jacket full of hidden compartments.",
    "25": "26 | Male, elderly. Gaunt with artificial lungs and flickering cybernetic eyes. A former cyber-criminal, now on the run. Wears a coat made from corporate uniforms, stitched together in defiance.",
    "26": "27 | Female, adult. Sturdy with bionic legs that allow her to jump impossible distances. Tough and fearless, a professional getaway driver. Wears reinforced streetwear and LED-trimmed gloves.",
    "27": "28 | Male, young adult. Handsome with glowing silver tattoos and a charming smile. A professional gambler who never plays fair. Wears a high-end blazer with micro-EMP devices hidden in the sleeves.",
    "28": "29 | Female, teenager. Gangly with wild pink hair and a datajack installed at the base of her skull. A prodigy in hacking, but naive in the real world. Wears oversized headphones constantly tuned to police frequencies.",
    "29": "30 | Androgynous, middle-aged. Lean with synthetic musculature and eerie glowing eyes. A high-ranking corporate spy. Wears a trench coat lined with counterfeit identities and retinal disguises.",
    "30": "31 | Male, middle-aged. Broad-shouldered with half his face replaced by cybernetics. Gruff and no-nonsense, runs a back-alley cybernetics shop. Wears an oil-stained apron over an ex-military bodysuit.",
    "31": "32 | Female, young adult. Slender with ultraviolet tattoos glowing under blacklight. Smooth-talking and ambitious, always seeking an edge. Wears a short neon coat with shifting holographic patterns.",
    "32": "33 | Male, elderly. Gaunt with cybernetic fingers that twitch from old implants. A retired netrunner with a thousand secrets. Wears a long coat embedded with firewall encryption keys.",
    "33": "34 | Female, teenager. Small and agile with reflective skin that shifts in colour. Excitable and unpredictable, addicted to cyber-stimulants. Wears fingerless gloves lined with hidden hacking tools.",
    "34": "35 | Androgynous, adult. Lean and elegant with chrome-tipped fingers and a whispery voice. Moves like a shadow, leaving no trace. Wears an all-black bodysuit laced with nanofibre mesh.",
    "35": "36 | Male, young adult. Tall and wiry with a neon-green datajack embedded in his temple. Reckless and thrill-seeking, always running dangerous gigs. Wears a torn hoodie with a corporate logo slashed through.",
    "36": "37 | Female, middle-aged. Athletic with cybernetic arms that hum when she moves. Tough and strategic, leads an underground resistance. Wears a reinforced tactical vest with a glowing phoenix emblem.",
    "37": "38 | Male, teenager. Scruffy with self-made augmentations and a mischievous grin. A prodigy in robotics, though his work is unpredictable. Wears a backpack filled with spare parts and half-finished drones.",
    "38": "39 | Female, elderly. Frail with bright cybernetic eyes and a sharp memory. A former corporate scientist now living off the grid. Wears a high-tech shawl that filters the city’s toxic air.",
    "39": "40 | Androgynous, young adult. Slim with smooth, metallic skin and eerie white eyes. Silent and observant, rarely speaking unless necessary. Wears a high-collared jacket laced with biometric encryption chips.",
    "40": "41 | Male, adult. Muscular with cybernetic legs and a jagged scar running down his throat. Once a soldier, now a hired gun. Wears an ex-military harness equipped with built-in ammo slots.",
    "41": "42 | Female, teenager. Short and energetic with luminescent hair that changes colour. A courier who thrives on speed and chaos. Wears lightweight running gear with built-in boosters in her trainers.",
    "42": "43 | Male, middle-aged. Stocky with a titanium-reinforced skull and a gravelly voice. Runs an underground fight club, brutal and efficient. Wears fingerless gloves with shock-absorbing knuckles.",
    "43": "44 | Female, young adult. Pale with a body modified for extreme flexibility. A contortionist thief who can slip into any space. Wears a flexible bodysuit lined with magnetic grips.",
    "44": "45 | Androgynous, elderly. Tall and frail with ancient cybernetic limbs barely holding together. Remembers the world before the corporations took over. Wears a cloak patched with old digital advertisements.",
    "45": "46 | Male, young adult. Wiry with bioluminescent tattoos that pulse in rhythm with his heartbeat. A DJ and underground hacker, living for the music. Wears a neon jacket that syncs with nearby soundwaves.",
    "46": "47 | Female, adult. Sharp-featured with a custom-built mechanical arm that doubles as a weapon. A feared bounty hunter, always gets her mark. Wears an armoured trench coat lined with heat-diffusing fabric.",
    "47": "48 | Male, teenager. Gangly with cybernetic-enhanced reflexes and a rebellious streak. A parkour expert who defies corporate security. Wears reinforced cargo trousers and climbing gear.",
    "48": "49 | Female, elderly. Small and unassuming with faded neon tattoos running down her hands. A legendary info-broker who knows everyone’s secrets. Wears a heavy fur-lined coat with concealed gadgets.",
    "49": "50 | Androgynous, middle-aged. Lithe with a voice that modulates automatically depending on the situation. A master manipulator and corporate saboteur. Wears a customisable chameleon cloak.",
    "50": "51 | Male, adult. Heavyset with reinforced muscles and a cybernetic spine. Works as a bodyguard for the highest bidder. Wears a tactical vest with built-in shock absorbers.",
    "51": "52 | Female, young adult. Slender with cybernetic-enhanced vision that lets her see in multiple spectrums. A master sniper, never misses. Wears a sleeveless bodysuit designed for stealth.",
    "52": "53 | Male, elderly. Hunched with a network of data cables trailing from the back of his skull. Once a corporate AI engineer, now in hiding. Wears a hooded robe lined with encrypted drives.",
    "53": "54 | Female, teenager. Small but fierce, with mechanical legs that let her jump impossible distances. An ex-gang courier with a knack for speed. Wears lightweight armour strapped with extra boosters.",
    "54": "55 | Androgynous, adult. Slender with reflective eyes and a whisper-soft voice. A black-market doctor offering cybernetic upgrades. Wears sterile gloves lined with micro-precision tools.",
    "55": "56 | Male, middle-aged. Built like a tank with steel-plated arms and a deep baritone voice. Leads a mercenary squad, takes no nonsense. Wears heavy-duty armour with reinforced joints.",
    "56": "57 | Female, young adult. Petite with shifting neon markings that glow under stress. A corporate experiment gone rogue. Wears an oversized hoodie to hide her modifications.",
    "57": "58 | Male, teenager. Tall and gangly with augmented fingers built for speed typing. An AI researcher turned street coder. Wears a loose, oversized jumper with digital displays embedded in the fabric.",
    "58": "59 | Female, elderly. Thin with artificial bone enhancements keeping her standing. Cold and logical, a former corporate tactician. Wears a long coat lined with hidden weaponry.",
    "59": "60 | Androgynous, adult. Smooth-featured with skin coated in nanite plating. A mystery, no one knows their true purpose. Wears a seamless black bodysuit that doesn’t reflect light."
  }
}
