{
  "name": "Family Status and Origins",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Both Parents Loving – You were raised in a stable and caring home where both parents provided love, support, and guidance. Your childhood was safe, giving you confidence in the world. While not without struggles, you always knew you had a place to return to and people who truly cared for you.",
    "1": "2 | Orphaned at an Early Age – Both parents died when you were young, leaving you to survive under the care of strangers, an orphanage, or even alone. Without a steady parental figure, you learned independence early, but the absence of a family bond has shaped your ability to trust others.",
    "2": "3 | Raised by Grandparents – Your grandparents stepped in when your parents could not, raising you with wisdom and traditional values. They may have been strict or nurturing, but their influence was undeniable. Whether you cherished their lessons or resented their old-fashioned ways, they shaped your upbringing.",
    "3": "4 | Fostered Child – You were placed in multiple foster homes, constantly adapting to new environments. Some were kind, others less so, but none ever felt truly permanent. The constant instability forced you to be resilient, but it also left you wary of forming deep attachments.",
    "4": "5 | Single-Parent (Mum) – Your mother raised you alone, working tirelessly to provide. She may have been affectionate and warm or distant and exhausted from the burden of doing it all alone. Either way, she shaped your resilience and taught you how to endure life’s hardships.",
    "5": "6 | Single-Parent (Dad) – Your father was your sole guardian, shaping your view of the world. Whether he was strict, kind, absent-minded, or harsh, his presence (or lack of it) left a deep impact on how you handle relationships and authority.",
    "6": "7 | Divorced Parents – Your childhood was split between two households, each with its own rules, expectations, and loyalties. Perhaps they parted amicably, or maybe their separation was messy and bitter. You learned to navigate shifting family dynamics and choose your own place between them.",
    "7": "8 | Close to Mum, Distant from Dad – Your mother was your source of comfort, the one who listened, cared, and guided you. Your father, however, was distant—whether by choice, circumstance, or emotional detachment. This shaped how you handle authority, trust, and personal relationships.",
    "8": "9 | Close to Dad, Distant from Mum – Your father was your protector, the one who always had your back, while your mother was emotionally or physically absent. Whether you idolised him or grew resentful, his influence played a significant role in your upbringing.",
    "9": "10 | Overprotective Mum – Your mother shielded you from harm, controlling every aspect of your life to ensure your safety. You were rarely allowed to take risks or make mistakes. As a result, you either became overly cautious or rebelled against the restrictions placed upon you.",
    "10": "11 | Laid-Back Dad – Your father gave you freedom to make your own choices but rarely set firm boundaries. While this allowed you to become independent, it may have left you without much structure or guidance. You either thrived in your freedom or felt lost without direction.",
    "11": "12 | Stepfamily Dynamics – Your family changed when a step-parent and step-siblings entered your life. Some relationships were built on love and trust, while others were filled with rivalry, tension, or resentment. Blending families came with challenges, and you were caught in the middle of it all.",
    "12": "13 | Adopted into a Warm Household – You were taken in by loving adoptive parents who treated you as their own. Though they provided a stable and caring environment, you may still feel curiosity—or uncertainty—about your origins and what came before them.",
    "13": "14 | Adopted but Never Felt at Home – Though your adoptive family provided for you, you always felt like an outsider. Whether due to differences in culture, personality, or unspoken tensions, you struggled to find where you truly belonged.",
    "14": "15 | Abandoned Early On – Your parents left you behind, whether by necessity, cruelty, or reasons unknown. You grew up with the pain of wondering why they left, forcing you to become fiercely independent. Whether you long for answers or have buried your past, their absence shaped you.",
    "15": "16 | Raised by Relatives – An aunt, uncle, or distant cousin took you in after your parents were gone. Their home was either warm and welcoming or cold and indifferent, shaping how you saw family bonds and obligations. You may feel grateful or burdened by the life they gave you.",
    "16": "17 | Mixed Heritage Family – You grew up between two vastly different cultures, exposed to different traditions, languages, or expectations. You may have embraced both sides or struggled to fit into either, feeling like you belonged everywhere and nowhere at once.",
    "17": "18 | Nomadic Clan – Your family never stayed in one place, constantly travelling due to work, exile, or a wandering lifestyle. You learned adaptability, how to make temporary connections, and the thrill of never being tied down. But stability and belonging may feel like foreign concepts.",
    "18": "19 | Hidden Noble Lineage – Your family’s noble status is a secret—either lost to time or deliberately hidden. Perhaps they fell from grace, were exiled, or chose to live in obscurity. If revealed, your lineage could change everything, for better or worse.",
    "19": "20 | Family Business Heir – Your family built its life around a trade—blacksmithing, farming, or even smuggling. From childhood, you were expected to continue their work. Whether you embraced the path or resisted it, their expectations shaped your skills and worldview.",
    "20": "21 | Poverty-Stricken Single-Parent – Raised by a struggling parent, you learned to survive with little. You saw the sacrifices they made and the desperation that came with hardship. Whether their love kept you strong or their struggles pushed you away, your upbringing left a lasting impact.",
    "21": "22 | The Black Sheep – Your family had a strong set of traditions, values, or expectations, but you never fit into their mould. Whether through your beliefs, ambitions, or actions, you became the outsider. Whether you left willingly or were cast out, you carry the weight of never truly belonging.",
    "22": "23 | Rebel by Nature – Your family had a long history of defying authority—perhaps as revolutionaries, criminals, or simply those who refused to conform. You grew up questioning rules and challenging power. Whether you still live by their ways or sought a different path, rebellion is in your blood.",
    "23": "24 | Strict Religious Upbringing – Your life was governed by faith, with strict rituals, rules, and expectations. You were raised to follow the doctrine without question. Whether you still believe or walked away from it, the influence of your upbringing lingers in your decisions and values.",
    "24": "25 | Cult or Sect Background – Unlike structured religion, your family followed a more extreme or isolated belief system. Perhaps you grew up in a secluded community, with limited knowledge of the outside world. Whether you escaped or remain loyal, the teachings of your childhood still affect how you see the world.",
    "25": "26 | Distant Mum – Your mother was present but emotionally distant, whether due to work, personal struggles, or sheer detachment. She may have provided for you but never truly connected, leaving you craving emotional closeness yet struggling to trust it when offered.",
    "26": "27 | Distant Dad – Your father was always in your life but never truly there for you. Whether he was emotionally closed off, preoccupied with other matters, or simply absent by choice, you learned to rely on yourself rather than seek his approval.",
    "27": "28 | Privileged but Isolated – Wealth and status ensured that you never lacked comfort, education, or security, but affection was conditional, and failure was unacceptable. You learned how to navigate high expectations, but genuine connection was often out of reach.",
    "28": "29 | Missing Sibling – You had a sibling—perhaps older, younger, or even a twin—who disappeared or was taken under mysterious circumstances. Whether your family moved on or refused to speak of it, the loss left you with unanswered questions and a lingering sense of absence.",
    "29": "30 | Secret Identity Family – Your family was not what it seemed. Perhaps they were criminals posing as ordinary merchants, nobles hiding a scandal, or refugees running from a dangerous past. Whether you always knew the truth or only just discovered it, their hidden history now affects you.",
    "30": "31 | Family of Outcasts – Your lineage carries a dark reputation—criminals, traitors, heretics, or those who simply refused to conform. Whether your family was shunned by society or lived proudly on the fringes, you grew up knowing that the world saw you as different. You either embrace this status or strive to break free from it.",
    "31": "32 | Haunted by an Ancestral Curse – Your family believes it is cursed, whether through old superstitions, past misdeeds, or genuine bad luck. Some members live in fear, while others scoff at the idea. Whether you believe it or not, strange misfortunes and whispered warnings have followed you since childhood.",
    "32": "33 | Raised in an Enclave – Your childhood was spent in a secluded community, either due to religious beliefs, political ideals, or isolationist traditions. The outside world was something you heard about but rarely experienced. Now, stepping beyond those borders, you must navigate a world that feels both alien and dangerous.",
    "33": "34 | Military Tradition – Your family has served in the military for generations, with discipline, duty, and sacrifice drilled into you from a young age. Expectations were high, and failure was not an option. Whether you followed their path or rejected it, the lessons they taught you remain ingrained in your mindset.",
    "34": "35 | Artistic Heritage – You were raised in a family of artists—painters, musicians, writers, or performers. Expression was encouraged, but expectations were high, and talent was a measure of worth. Whether you inherited their creative passion or sought a life beyond their world, your childhood was shaped by art in all its forms.",
    "35": "36 | Academically Driven Family – Knowledge and success defined your upbringing. Your family valued intelligence above all else, with achievements praised and failure seen as unacceptable. Whether you thrived under their high expectations or struggled to keep up, their influence has shaped how you see yourself and your abilities.",
    "36": "37 | Sibling Rivalry – You grew up in constant competition with one or more siblings, whether for affection, inheritance, or status. The rivalry could have been playful or bitter, but it shaped your personality. Even now, the echoes of that competition drive you forward—or hold you back.",
    "37": "38 | Blended Family Complexity – Your household was a mix of step-parents, half-siblings, and shifting family ties. Loyalties were divided, and navigating relationships required patience—or cunning. Some bonds became strong, while others remained filled with resentment or indifference.",
    "38": "39 | Secretive and Reclusive – Your family avoided public attention, keeping to themselves for reasons you never fully understood. Whether out of paranoia, shame, or an undisclosed past, you were raised with the unspoken rule that some questions should never be asked. Now, you wonder what they were hiding.",
    "39": "40 | Immigrant Roots – Your family left their homeland, seeking a better future in an unfamiliar place. They struggled with language, culture, or acceptance, and you grew up balancing two worlds. You may feel a deep connection to your heritage or wrestle with where you truly belong.",
    "40": "41 | Disowned – You were cast out by your family, either due to a scandal, personal choices, or a betrayal that shattered their trust. Whether the exile was deserved or not, you are now completely on your own. You may feel the sting of their rejection or embrace the freedom of severing ties.",
    "41": "42 | Patchwork Foster Clan – You were raised by multiple guardians, moving between different homes or communities. Some were kind, others neglectful, but none were permanent. You learned to adapt quickly, but the idea of true belonging may still feel foreign to you.",
    "42": "43 | The Uncaring Household – Your family provided for your physical needs but offered little warmth, love, or support. Emotions were seen as a weakness, and you were expected to be self-sufficient. You either adapted to their cold ways or vowed to be nothing like them.",
    "43": "44 | Parents Were Criminals – You grew up in a world where crime was a way of life. Smuggling, theft, or more serious offences were normal in your household. Whether you followed in their footsteps or rejected their path, you learned early that laws were flexible and survival came first.",
    "44": "45 | One Parent was a Criminal – One of your parents led a double life, keeping their illicit dealings hidden from you—until you found out. Whether they involved you in their activities or kept you at a distance, their choices shaped your view of morality, trust, and power.",
    "45": "46 | Parents Were Spies – Your family operated in secrecy, gathering information, running covert missions, or serving a greater cause. Your childhood was filled with coded messages, disguises, and deception. Whether you followed their ways or turned your back on a life of lies, trust does not come easily to you.",
    "46": "47 | Born into Servitude – Your family lived as indentured workers, servants, or slaves, bound by duty or oppression. Whether you were freed or still live under the shadow of that life, your upbringing was marked by struggle. You understand sacrifice, but you also know the cost of powerlessness.",
    "47": "48 | Last of Your Lineage – Your family is gone—whether through war, disease, execution, or slow decline. You are the final survivor, the only one left to carry the name, legacy, or burdens of those who came before you. You may seek to rebuild your family’s reputation or bury the past forever.",
    "48": "49 | Born in a War Zone – Your earliest memories are filled with conflict. Whether your family were soldiers, refugees, or civilians caught in the crossfire, war shaped every aspect of your upbringing. You learned to survive in chaos, but the scars—both physical and emotional—still remain.",
    "49": "50 | Raised by a Religious Order – A monastery, temple, or convent took you in as a child. Whether abandoned or given to them, you were raised with strict teachings, discipline, and spiritual practices. Now, whether you embrace their beliefs or seek a life beyond their walls, their influence is undeniable.",
    "50": "51 | Raised by Same-Sex Parents – You were raised by two mothers or two fathers, who either adopted you, used a surrogate, or had you from a previous relationship. Whether your family was fully accepted or faced discrimination, their love and support shaped you. You carry their lessons with pride—or may struggle with an identity shaped by a world that didn’t always understand your family.",
    "51": "52 | Raised by an Artificial Intelligence – Your guardian was not human but a machine—an advanced AI, a caretaker droid, or some other synthetic intelligence. It raised you with logic and efficiency, but emotions were something you had to figure out on your own. Now, you may see the world through cold calculations—or long for the warmth of human connection.",
    "52": "53 | Parents Were Criminal Masterminds – Unlike petty criminals, your family controlled entire networks—smuggling rings, political assassinations, or grand heists. You grew up surrounded by secrecy, strategy, and power. Whether you embraced their legacy or tried to escape it, their influence follows you everywhere.",
    "53": "54 | Raised in an Underground Bunker – Whether due to paranoia, survivalist beliefs, or a true apocalyptic threat, your family lived hidden away in a secure underground shelter. You were taught self-sufficiency, distrust of outsiders, and the importance of secrecy. Now, stepping into the real world, you must navigate a society you were never truly part of.",
    "54": "55 | Raised Among a Warrior Tribe – Your people valued strength, honour, and combat above all else. From childhood, you were trained to fight, hunt, and survive. Whether you embraced their ways or questioned their brutality, their teachings are ingrained in you, and your instincts are sharper than most.",
    "55": "56 | Raised by Cultivators of Knowledge – Your family were keepers of ancient wisdom—librarians, scribes, or secret historians who dedicated their lives to preserving knowledge others sought to erase. Whether you carry on their mission or sought a life beyond dusty tomes, you were taught that information is the most valuable weapon.",
    "56": "57 | Born into a Family of Political Puppets – Your family was controlled by a powerful ruler, government, or secret organisation, used as pawns in a larger game. Perhaps they were nobles kept in check by a higher power, or a family forced to uphold a regime they secretly despised. You grew up learning diplomacy, deception, and the cost of obedience.",
    "57": "58 | Family Were Renowned Monster Hunters – You were born into a bloodline that has fought against the supernatural for generations. Whether they hunted demons, vampires, or ancient curses, your childhood was spent training for a battle most people never even knew existed. You may still carry their weapons and traditions—or have abandoned that life entirely.",
    "58": "59 | Raised by a Rogue Scientist or Inventor – Your parent was an eccentric genius, always experimenting with dangerous, groundbreaking technology or forbidden knowledge. Perhaps they built machines no one else understood, or dabbled in life-altering research. You grew up surrounded by curiosity and chaos, but now you must decide whether to continue their work or leave their legacy behind.",
    "59": "60 | The Sole Survivor of Your Family’s Massacre – Your entire family was wiped out—through war, a targeted assassination, or a tragic accident that only you escaped. Whether you seek revenge, answers, or simply to move on, the weight of your family’s destruction lingers. The question is: was it truly an accident, or is someone still hunting you?"
  }
}
