{"name":"Forest Survival Tests/ Problems","type":"simple","entries":{"0":"1 | A sudden storm erupts without warning, sheets of rain hammering down in relentless torrents. The ground quickly turns to thick, sucking mud, pooling in low areas and making every step a struggle. If you set up camp, your supplies are soaked, and your fire is already hissing out. If travelling, movement slows to a crawl, each step dragging you deeper into the muck.","1":"2 | A thick, creeping mist coils through the trees, swallowing the landscape in a cold, damp shroud. Shapes blur, shadows stretch unnaturally, and the world shrinks to just a few feet ahead. The silence is worse—every rustling leaf or distant snap of a twig feels amplified. You can’t shake the feeling that something is watching from just beyond the mist’s edge.","2":"3 | A deep, guttural growl rumbles through the underbrush, too low and close for comfort. The forest holds its breath, leaves no longer rustling, the usual birdsong falling eerily silent. Whatever made that sound is watching—waiting—before deciding whether you are prey.","3":"4 | A sharp snap echoes through the trees—a branch breaking under something heavy. You didn’t step on it. The stillness that follows is unnerving, as if the forest itself is holding its breath. You’re not alone, but whatever’s out there is choosing whether to reveal itself.","4":"5 | Biting insects rise in a dark cloud from the undergrowth, their wings buzzing relentlessly. They swarm over your skin, into your hair and sleeves, biting with sharp, needle-like stings. Each welt burns and itches, their persistence overwhelming. Swatting them only makes them angrier.","5":"6 | A wide river cuts across your path, its surface deceptively calm, but underneath, the current churns with unseen force. The water runs high, recent rainfall having turned it into a treacherous crossing. A single misstep could see you pulled under, and there's no telling what lurks beneath.","6":"7 | Your foot sinks into soft, yielding earth, and before you can react, the ground begins to pull you down. Mud clings to your boots, thick and unrelenting, dragging with every movement. Struggling makes it worse, each step sucking you deeper—this place was made to trap the unwary.","7":"8 | A sudden wind howls through the trees, shaking the branches violently. Loose leaves and debris whip through the air, stinging your skin and forcing you to shield your eyes. The wind doesn’t stop—it roars like a living thing, drowning out all other sound.","8":"9 | Hidden beneath fallen leaves, a rusted metal trap waits, its jagged teeth still sharp despite age. The trigger mechanism is delicate, primed to snap shut at the slightest pressure. Whoever placed it intended to catch something big. A wrong step could mean disaster.","9":"10 | A distant, blood-curdling scream rings out through the trees, sharp, pained, and abruptly cut short. It carries far before fading into an unnatural silence. The weight of the stillness that follows makes it clear—something out there has just ended something else.","10":"11 | The trees ahead grow unnaturally close together, their trunks pressing in, their twisted roots clawing through the earth. Shadows pool thickly beneath the branches, and every path forward looks the same. Moving ahead feels like stepping into something’s domain—something that does not welcome trespassers.","11":"12 | A web spans the path ahead, thick strands stretching between the trees, glistening like strands of glass. It’s too strong for any normal spider—this was made to catch more than flies. The slight tremor in the web suggests its maker is nearby.","12":"13 | A towering tree groans as it sways under its own weight, its bark split down the centre. A long, slow creak fills the air as its balance begins to shift. It won’t stay upright for long, and when it falls, anything beneath it will be crushed.","13":"14 | The scent of blood lingers in the air, fresh, metallic, unmistakable. No corpse, no sign of struggle, only the overwhelming proof that something bled out nearby. The air is thick with it, but there is no clue as to where the body has gone.","14":"15 | Deep, jagged claw marks run along the trunks of nearby trees, their edges raw and splintered. The size and spacing are unsettling—too high for wolves, too wide for any normal predator. Whatever made them was large, powerful, and marking its territory.","15":"16 | A low hum builds in the air, at first barely noticeable, then rising to something that vibrates in your chest. It is not the wind. It is not insects. It is something unnatural, something deep beneath the skin. And it is growing louder.","16":"17 | A ring of swollen, bloated mushrooms spreads in a near-perfect circle, their caps bulging with oozing moisture. The air is thick with their sickly-sweet scent. Some have been bitten, their stems ragged with teeth marks. Whatever fed here did so recently.","17":"18 | The sour stench of decay clings to the damp air, thick and almost tangible. Flies gather in droves, their buzzing frantic. Whatever lies nearby has been dead long enough to attract scavengers—but not long enough to be safe to approach.","18":"19 | A carcass lies ahead, ribs splayed open like the bars of a broken cage. The meat is still red, still wet. No scavengers have touched it yet. The only thing more concerning than finding it fresh is realising whatever killed it might still be close by.","19":"20 | The trees grow increasingly gnarled, their twisted limbs stretching toward each other in unnatural shapes. The deeper you go, the more the air feels heavy, charged, as if pressing in. Even the wind refuses to move through this place.","20":"21 | The ground ahead is torn up with deep furrows, as though massive claws have ripped through the soil. The tracks lead forward—your only way ahead. Turning back is an option, but whatever left them behind might already be watching.","21":"22 | The forest falls silent. No rustling leaves, no distant bird calls—just a thick, suffocating stillness. It lasts long enough for you to realise something else is listening.","22":"23 | A flicker of movement at the edge of your vision, a shadow shifting between the trees. When you turn, there is nothing. It happens again, always in the corners of your sight, never when you are looking directly.","23":"24 | A rhythmic tapping echoes from somewhere in the woods. A deliberate pattern, too precise for the wind. Three taps. Then silence. Three more. Someone—or something—is sending a signal.","24":"25 | Thick brambles and grasping vines snarl the undergrowth, wrapping around your legs, catching on clothes, dragging against skin. Every step forward is a battle, the forest itself resisting your passage.","25":"26 | A pile of bones lies in the clearing ahead. Some are clean, others still slick with red. Judging by the scattered remains—deer, boar, human-sized—this was not a single meal. Something here feeds often.","26":"27 | Your waterskin is far too light. At some point, a leak drained most of your supply. There is no sign of fresh water nearby, and now, you are running on what little remains.","27":"28 | A massive tree trunk offers an inviting hollow at its base, a perfect shelter from the elements. But as you draw closer, the scent of damp fur lingers in the air. Something else has already claimed this place as home.","28":"29 | A sudden gust of wind rips through the trees, stirring leaves into a frantic spiral. When it dies, the forest seems… different. The path no longer looks the same. The trees seem closer. Were they always this close?","29":"30 | A deep vibration hums beneath your feet, subtle but unmistakable. At first, it feels like a distant tremor, but then you realise—the movement is not coming from the ground. It is coming from the trees themselves.","30":"31 | The distant sound of running water is a relief—until you find its source. A once-pristine stream now runs dark and murky, the water carrying a strange, oily sheen. The air smells tainted, sharp and metallic. Something has poisoned this water, and drinking from it could be a death sentence.","31":"32 | The forest floor ahead is uneven, riddled with burrows and small sinkholes. Each step threatens to send you tumbling into an unseen pit, the loose soil shifting beneath your weight. Worse, some of the holes are fresh, their edges damp—whatever made them is still nearby.","32":"33 | A heavy animal scent lingers in the air, thick and musky. Nearby, the earth is disturbed, patches of ground clawed up and trees marked with deep scratches. A territorial creature has been here recently, and if it returns, it may not take kindly to intruders.","33":"34 | A section of the forest is eerily still, the trees standing tall and perfectly straight, their branches forming an unnatural symmetry. The quiet is absolute—no wind, no birds, no movement. It feels like stepping into a painting, frozen in time. The question is: who—or what—stilled this place?","34":"35 | A sharp, rustling movement in the undergrowth is followed by an eerie quiet. Something was there, watching, but now it’s gone. There is no sound of retreating footsteps, no snapped twigs. Just… silence, as if it was never there at all.","35":"36 | The air grows colder, your breath misting in front of you despite the season. The drop in temperature is unnatural, the kind that seeps into your bones. A chill spreads through the trees, but there is no wind—only the creeping sensation that you have just stepped into somewhere you were not meant to be.","36":"37 | A single deer stands motionless in a clearing, its body tense, its ears flicking. It does not startle when you approach, does not react to your presence at all. Then you notice it isn’t blinking. It isn’t even breathing. The forest waits around you, watching, as if expecting you to understand.","37":"38 | The scent of smoke drifts through the trees, faint but unmistakable. There is no visible fire, no flickering glow—only the lingering trace of something that burned. If it was a campfire, someone may still be nearby. If it was something worse, you may already be too late.","38":"39 | The ground feels wrong beneath your feet, too soft, too hollow. With one misstep, the earth gives way, revealing an old, collapsed burrow or a forgotten pit. Your footing vanishes in an instant, leaving you grasping at roots and loose dirt as you slide into the unknown.","39":"40 | An animal carcass is strung up between two trees, its body hung by vines or rope. The wounds are precise, deliberate. This was no kill by a predator—this was a message. But for whom? And are they still watching to see who finds it?","40":"41 | A trail of deep footprints winds through the mud ahead. Too large for a human, too distinct for any common animal. The steps are erratic, some dragging as if whatever left them was limping—or stalking. The unsettling part? The tracks don’t lead away. They start here.","41":"42 | A pile of fresh leaves and branches lies in an unnatural mound. At first, it looks like nothing more than forest debris, but the shape is too precise. As if something—or someone—deliberately covered whatever lies beneath.","42":"43 | The wind shifts suddenly, carrying with it a deep, primal scent of damp fur and raw meat. The smell is thick, clinging to your throat. Something is near—something large enough to leave an unmistakable trace in the air.","43":"44 | The trees creak and groan as if whispering amongst themselves. The sound isn’t carried by the wind—there is no wind. The shifting noises come from all around, never from a single direction, as though the forest itself is shifting just out of sight.","44":"45 | You stumble across a small, worn path snaking between the trees. It’s old, half-swallowed by roots and overgrown foliage. It hasn’t been used in years. Or so you think—until you notice the fresh boot prints in the dirt.","45":"46 | A distant horn sounds, deep and resonant, vibrating in your chest. The sound carries on for several seconds before fading into the trees. It is too purposeful to be a natural noise. The only question is: who is signalling, and for what?","46":"47 | A slow, rhythmic tapping echoes from the trees—three knocks, a pause, then three more. The pattern repeats. It does not match any natural sound, nor is it coming from a single direction. It moves. Something is knocking, waiting for an answer.","47":"48 | The remains of an old camp lie abandoned in a clearing—bedrolls rotted, supplies overturned, tools rusting where they were dropped. There are no signs of struggle, no bodies, just a sense of something left behind in a hurry. Whatever happened here… no one came back to clean it up.","48":"49 | A thick tangle of thorns stretches across your path, their vines twisted unnaturally. Some still ooze sap where they were recently broken. The forest did not grow this barrier by chance—something put it here.","49":"50 | A heavy, wet drip, drip, drip echoes through the trees, rhythmic and steady. At first, you think it’s rain, but when you look up, there are no clouds. Instead, something dark and thick clings to the branches above, slowly trickling down in glistening streaks. And the smell—coppery, unmistakable. Blood."}}