{"name":"Quick Woman Appearance","type":"simple","entries":{"0":"1 | Tall and lean with high cheekbones, piercing eyes, and a graceful yet deliberate stride. Her hair is long and thick, cascading in waves down her back, always appearing windswept.","1":"2 | Stocky and muscular with broad shoulders, her compact frame built for endurance. Short-cropped hair frames a face with strong features, her sharp gaze rarely missing a detail.","2":"3 | Slender and willowy, moving with effortless grace. Long, straight hair frames an angular face with large, expressive eyes that hold a quiet intensity.","3":"4 | Small and sprightly with delicate features, her skin dotted with freckles. Curls frame her face wildly, refusing to be tamed no matter how she tries.","4":"5 | Towering and imposing with a chiseled, statuesque build. Her features are sharp and striking, her gaze cool and unwavering. A single, elegant braid runs over her shoulder.","5":"6 | Lithe and compact, built for agility. Her almond-shaped eyes give her an air of perpetual curiosity, while her short, spiky hair makes her look effortlessly bold.","6":"7 | Broad-hipped with a soft but strong frame, her curves deceptive of her true physical power. Long, sleek hair is tied back in a loose but precise ponytail.","7":"8 | Gracefully aged with silver streaks in her still-thick hair. A lifetime of experience is etched into her eyes, and despite her age, she moves with a quiet, unshakable confidence.","8":"9 | Lean and weathered, her sun-kissed skin marked with faint scars that tell silent stories. A streak of grey cuts through her otherwise dark hair, adding to her undeniable presence.","9":"10 | Round-faced with plump cheeks and warm, inviting eyes. Her gentle smile makes her seem approachable, but the sharp flicker in her gaze hints at hidden depths.","10":"11 | Slender with sharp, defined features, always moving with precise, controlled movements. Her long fingers seem built for delicate work, her posture impeccable.","11":"12 | Stout and powerful, with a frame built for resilience. Her curly hair is pulled back into a practical knot, revealing a square jaw and determined expression.","12":"13 | Dusky-skinned with golden undertones, her thick, coiled hair wrapped in intricate braids. She carries herself with regal composure, as if she belongs wherever she stands.","13":"14 | Wild-haired and intense, with piercing eyes that seem to see straight through a person. Her movements are unpredictable, as if she is always on the edge of something unseen.","14":"15 | Compact and unassuming, often overlooked until she speaks. A single scar crosses her cheek, giving contrast to her otherwise soft and delicate features.","15":"16 | Long-limbed and poised, moving like she’s always aware of her surroundings. Her dark eyes hold a glint of something unreadable, her lips always on the verge of a smirk.","16":"17 | Round-bodied and comfortable in her own skin. Thick, wavy hair falls around her face, its color catching the light in unexpected ways.","17":"18 | Wiry and restless, always shifting her weight as if staying still is unnatural. Short, practical hair reveals high cheekbones and a foxlike grin.","18":"19 | Smooth-skinned and refined, with delicate hands and perfectly balanced features. Not a single strand of hair is ever out of place, her entire presence exuding control.","19":"20 | Tall with a commanding presence, her shoulders squared as if she carries invisible weight. Her lined face speaks of past battles, her gaze unwavering and assessing.","20":"21 | Lithe with a sharp, birdlike quality, her expressions quick and animated. Her dark hair is cut asymmetrically, framing one eye while the other remains unobscured.","21":"22 | Deeply tanned and weathered from sun and wind, her skin telling the story of a life spent outdoors. Her long, braided hair is streaked with sun-bleached strands.","22":"23 | Freckled and bright-eyed, her face full of warmth and kindness. Loose curls frame her face, always looking slightly disheveled no matter how much she tries to tame them.","23":"24 | Tall and reedy, with a quiet elegance. Her long fingers and slim wrists make her look almost delicate, but there’s an undeniable strength in the way she carries herself.","24":"25 | Compact and solid, built like a stone wall. Her jaw is square, her nose slightly crooked from being broken once, and her hair kept cropped short for practicality.","25":"26 | Doll-like with soft, round features, her pale skin untouched by the sun. Her straight hair is glossy, cut neatly, and parted with meticulous precision.","26":"27 | Lanky and a little awkward, her limbs slightly too long for her frame. Wide, inquisitive eyes always dart around, and she carries herself with a nervous kind of energy.","27":"28 | Shapely and striking, moving with the confidence of someone well aware of her beauty. Her dark lashes frame bright, intelligent eyes, and she carries an effortless allure.","28":"29 | Wide-shouldered and no-nonsense, her posture stiff and military-like. Her steely gaze rarely softens, and a jagged scar runs down her arm, barely concealed by her clothing.","29":"30 | Petite but powerfully built, with an air of intensity. Her cropped hair is pushed back, revealing sharp cheekbones and an ever-calculating expression.","30":"31 | Ethereal and otherworldly, with delicate, almost translucent skin. Her large eyes are strikingly pale, and her long, straight hair flows as if caught in a perpetual breeze.","31":"32 | Short and lively, with an infectious grin and a mischievous glint in her eye. Her bouncy curls only add to her playful, untamed energy.","32":"33 | Strong and elegant, built like a dancer. Her toned arms and fluid movements give her an effortless grace, her voice low and soothing.","33":"34 | Lean and wiry, her face angular and sharp. Her smile is small, always just at the edge of something unreadable, and her short-cropped hair gives her a practical, efficient air.","34":"35 | Broad-faced with deep, expressive dimples. Her voice is warm and rich, her laughter infectious, and her long, thick hair always tied up in a loose bun.","35":"36 | Sharp-featured with an aristocratic air, her piercing eyes often unreadable. Her high cheekbones and perfectly styled hair make her presence instantly commanding.","36":"37 | Strong-jawed with defined muscles, every movement she makes deliberate and efficient. Her hair is always tied back, kept out of the way for practicality.","37":"38 | Heavyset with a maternal air, her rounded face and warm gaze making her instantly approachable. Her thick hair is always neatly braided, revealing silver strands hidden within.","38":"39 | Slender with an air of mystery, her hooded eyes framed by long lashes. Her long, flowing hair is always perfectly in place, and her lips hold the ghost of a secret.","39":"40 | Freckled and sun-kissed, her wild curls constantly escaping from whatever attempt is made to tame them. Her broad smile is filled with an easy, confident charm.","40":"41 | Wide-eyed and gentle-featured, her youthful appearance making her seem perpetually curious. Her hair is thick and falls in soft waves around her face.","41":"42 | Tall and severe, her angular features lending her a regal, untouchable beauty. Her platinum-blonde hair is always styled with precision, never a strand out of place.","42":"43 | Athletic with toned muscles, her build strong but not bulky. Her sharp, intelligent eyes assess everything, and her short, no-nonsense hairstyle reflects her efficiency.","43":"44 | Soft and welcoming, her round face framed by bouncy curls. Her full lips and expressive eyebrows make her emotions easy to read.","44":"45 | Sharp and striking, her eyes intense beneath arched brows. A thin scar cuts across her cheek, but it only adds to her undeniable presence.","45":"46 | Delicate yet strong, her high cheekbones and deep-set eyes giving her an air of quiet intensity. Her jet-black hair is long and straight, always perfectly smooth.","46":"47 | Broad-shouldered with a powerful stance, her face weathered but still stunning. Her thick, dark curls are streaked with silver, giving her an air of wisdom.","47":"48 | Slender and lithe, her movements fluid and precise. Her eyes seem to shift shades depending on the lighting, making her gaze impossible to pin down.","48":"49 | Square-faced and strong, her jawline giving her an undeniable presence. Her cropped hair is always slightly messy, but it suits her sharp, pragmatic nature.","49":"50 | Ghostly pale with dark, piercing eyes, her presence both unsettling and magnetic. Her long, straight hair frames a face so still it seems carved from marble.","50":"51 | Lean and sharp-faced, with an ever-watchful gaze. Her dark eyes seem to assess everything before her, missing no detail. Her straight, shoulder-length hair has a single streak of silver, though she appears far too young for it.","51":"52 | Slender with graceful movements, as if she glides rather than walks. Her long, silky hair is always pristine, falling in a cascade of perfect waves. Her high cheekbones and delicate features give her an air of refinement, though her half-smirk suggests she’s not as fragile as she looks.","52":"53 | Short but built like a compact storm, with a solid stance and a firm handshake. Her broad nose and thick brows give her a striking look, her face framed by cropped curls that seem untamed despite her best efforts.","53":"54 | Tall and lean, with defined muscles and a confident smirk. Her straight hair is always tied into a practical ponytail, and her piercing eyes seem to see straight through people. She carries herself like someone who has seen it all and fears nothing.","54":"55 | Round-faced with deep dimples that make her look perpetually kind. Her soft curls bounce when she moves, and her warm eyes hold a spark of quiet amusement, as if she’s always in on some secret joke.","55":"56 | Wiry and quick, with a foxlike face and a sharp-toothed grin. Her messy, layered hair sticks up in odd directions, giving her a constantly windblown look. Her movements are fast, unpredictable, and filled with restless energy.","56":"57 | Broad-shouldered and naturally imposing, with a square jaw and piercing eyes. Her hair is shaved on one side, the rest hanging in thick braids. A faint scar lines her cheekbone, hinting at past battles she rarely speaks of.","57":"58 | Petite but with a powerful aura, her every step deliberate and controlled. Her sleek bobbed hair frames a heart-shaped face, her intense eyes always scanning, as if anticipating the next move in a game only she understands.","58":"59 | Soft-featured with an air of timeless beauty, her presence both calming and captivating. Her voluminous waves of hair seem to always fall perfectly, her full lips often curved in a knowing smile. She moves with a languid grace, never in a rush.","59":"60 | A unique blend of strength and elegance, her physique sculpted by experience rather than vanity. Her almond-shaped eyes gleam with intelligence, and her high ponytail sways with every purposeful stride. There is an air of command in the way she holds herself—one that makes others instinctively take notice."}}