{
  "name": "Relationship Status Generator",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Single and Satisfied – Content with independence, with no interest in seeking a romantic connection. Life feels complete without one.",
    "1": "2 | Single but Searching – Actively looking for a romantic connection, whether through dating, chance meetings, or longing for something deeper.",
    "2": "3 | Recently Heartbroken – A difficult breakup or loss has left fresh wounds. Trust and vulnerability may now be challenges.",
    "3": "4 | Engaged – Committed to a long-term partner, preparing for marriage or an official union. Whether this is a joyful event or filled with complications is another matter.",
    "4": "5 | Married and Stable – A strong and steady partnership built on trust, love, and shared goals. Life’s challenges are faced together.",
    "5": "6 | Married but Strained – The relationship is under stress—secrets, personal struggles, or external pressures may be causing cracks to form.",
    "6": "7 | Secretly in Love – Deep feelings for someone remain unspoken, whether due to fear, circumstances, or the belief that it is impossible.",
    "7": "8 | Unrequited Love – Love given to someone who does not return the same feelings. Frustration, heartache, or an internal battle to move on lingers.",
    "8": "9 | Casual Relationships – Prefers to keep things light, enjoying flings or temporary companionship without deep commitment.",
    "9": "10 | On and Off Relationship – A cycle of breakups and reunions. Whether passion, uncertainty, or toxic habits fuel it is unclear.",
    "10": "11 | Widowed – Once had a loving partner, but they are gone. Whether moving on, holding onto grief, or carrying their memory as a burden remains uncertain.",
    "11": "12 | Arranged or Forced Partnership – A relationship decided by external forces—family, duty, or circumstance. Whether embraced or resented, it cannot be easily escaped.",
    "12": "13 | Polyamorous Relationship – Involved with multiple partners, either openly or within complex dynamics. Whether harmonious or filled with tension depends on the situation.",
    "13": "14 | Falling for the Wrong Person – Deep feelings exist for someone unavailable, dangerous, or socially unacceptable. Will this attraction be pursued despite the risks?",
    "14": "15 | Divorced or Separated – A long-term relationship or marriage ended. Whether amicable or bitter, the past still influences relationships moving forward.",
    "15": "16 | Love-Hate Relationship – Strong feelings exist, but they shift between passion and frustration. Whether this leads to romance or rivalry remains uncertain.",
    "16": "17 | Long-Distance Relationship – A partner is far away, sustained by messages, promises, and longing. Will it endure, or will the distance break it apart?",
    "17": "18 | Obligated to Stay – The relationship continues out of duty, responsibility, or fear of hurting the other person. Love may exist, but so do resentment and uncertainty.",
    "18": "19 | Recently Started Dating – The early, exciting, but uncertain stage of a relationship. It may grow into something meaningful or fade away.",
    "19": "20 | Mysterious Past Love – A relationship from the past still lingers, whether due to betrayal, disappearance, or unfinished business. Shadows of what was remain."
  }
}
