{
  "name": "What Happens Next?",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | A New Obstacle Appears – A sudden enemy encounter, a moral dilemma, or a political challenge forces an immediate response. A powerful figure has issued an ultimatum, a betrayal shifts alliances, or an unexpected attack sends the situation into chaos. The path ahead is no longer clear, and every choice has weight.",
    "1": "2 | A Character Asks for Help – A plea for aid disrupts your course. Someone is in need—whether openly desperate, subtly manipulative, or suspiciously calm. This could be a lost traveller, a wounded figure, or a message left in a way that suggests its writer never expected to be found. Accepting could lead to a reward, deeper entanglement, or unintended consequences. Ignoring it might come back to haunt you.",
    "2": "3 | A Choice Must Be Made – A fork in the road, a branching tunnel, or a river that must be crossed. Beyond the physical, a moral or strategic dilemma presents itself. Take the safer route at the cost of time, or risk a dangerous shortcut? Accept an offer that could gain you allies but compromise your values? Once a choice is made, there's no turning back.",
    "3": "4 | A Twist Changes Everything – Something once assumed to be true is revealed as false. A trusted ally turns out to be an informant, an enemy was protecting something valuable, or the real danger was never what you thought. The discovery forces a complete reassessment of the situation, casting doubt on previous decisions and alliances.",
    "4": "5 | A Clue Surfaces – A cryptic marking on a stone wall, a forgotten note tucked beneath the floorboards, or a half-buried relic in the dirt. Something small hints at a greater mystery, an unresolved question, or an answer that doesn’t quite fit. You may not fully understand its significance yet, but it lingers in the back of your mind, shaping future decisions.",
    "5": "6 | Retrace Your Steps – Returning to a previous location, person, or event reveals something new. A door left open is now locked tight, a road once clear is blocked, or an old ally is missing. Time has changed things, and something overlooked before now holds meaning. The past refuses to stay buried.",
    "6": "7 | An Unusual Invitation is Delivered – A sealed letter, a whisper from an unseen figure, or a carved symbol left in your path suggests that someone—perhaps friend, perhaps foe—wants to meet. The message could be direct or cryptic, offering guidance, an opportunity, or a trap. Following it could change the course of events, but ignoring it might mean losing out on something important.",
    "7": "8 | An Opportunity Presents Itself – A locked chest sits half-buried in the sand, a noble offers a lucrative deal, or an empty throne remains unclaimed. A rare chance arises, offering wealth, power, forbidden knowledge, or an emotional connection. Taking it might come with risks, and ignoring it could mean missing something vital.",
    "8": "9 | A Rival or Enemy Interferes – Someone with conflicting goals makes their move. They could be openly hostile, subtly manipulative, or unknowingly in the way. A bounty hunter tracks your steps, a rival noble spreads damaging rumours, or an old foe resurfaces at the worst possible time. Their presence demands a reaction.",
    "9": "10 | A Subplot Takes Over – A side story demands attention, shifting focus from the main goal. A personal matter resurfaces, a past mistake returns, or an unrelated event suddenly feels urgent. A letter arrives with an urgent plea, a missing child is found where they shouldn’t be, or a criminal syndicate makes you an offer you can’t ignore.",
    "10": "11 | A Powerful Force Makes a Move – A king declares war, a hidden cult completes a ritual, or a warlord tightens their grip. A large-scale action unfolds, and while you may not be the centre of it, the ripples affect everything. Whether you stand against it, seize an opportunity, or flee before it consumes you is a choice that cannot be ignored.",
    "11": "12 | A Dangerous Environment Forces You to Adapt – The ground cracks open beneath your feet, a sudden blizzard turns the landscape into a white void, or an underground cavern floods with no warning. The surroundings become hostile in an unexpected way, and you must think fast to survive. What was once familiar is now a deadly challenge.",
    "12": "13 | A Personal Weakness is Exposed – A flaw, fear, or vulnerability comes to the forefront. A reckless decision leads to disaster, an old addiction resurfaces, or a trusted companion calls out your hypocrisy. Whether you confront it or try to hide it, this moment will shape what comes next.",
    "13": "14 | You Gain Something Valuable – An ancient key is found in the ruins, a prisoner shares a secret, or a dying enemy whispers the location of hidden treasure. A resource, item, or knowledge is acquired. Whether it is a blessing or a burden depends on what comes next.",
    "14": "15 | An Ally Becomes Unreliable – Someone once trusted begins to act differently. They may be compromised, distracted, or hiding something. A friend hesitates at a crucial moment, a commander issues an order that feels wrong, or a long-time companion refuses to meet your eye. Trust is now in question.",
    "15": "16 | An Unseen Threat is Watching – Something lurks just out of sight. It could be an unknown enemy, a supernatural force, or simply paranoia creeping in. The feeling will not go away, and ignoring it might make things worse.",
    "16": "17 | A Side Mission Emerges – An event or encounter pulls attention away from the main goal. A tempting contract, a mysterious request, or a personal dilemma demands resolution. Time is limited, and delaying too long could mean losing the opportunity—or something worse.",
    "17": "18 | Time is Running Out – A situation is accelerating towards a critical point. A deadline approaches, a threat grows stronger, or an opportunity is slipping away. Every delay could make things worse.",
    "18": "19 | Something from the Past Returns – A person, object, or unresolved event resurfaces. An old debt is called in, a forgotten rival seeks revenge, or a childhood friend reappears with a desperate request. What was left behind refuses to stay buried.",
    "19": "20 | An Unknown Faction Takes Interest in You – A group or organisation sets their sights on your actions. They may offer an alliance, pose a threat, or attempt to manipulate events from the shadows. Their true intentions remain unclear, but their attention is unavoidable.",
    "20": "21 | A Rumour Spreads About You – Whether true or false, gossip about your actions begins circulating. It could earn you unwanted attention, potential allies, or dangerous enemies. Do you try to suppress it, let it run its course, or use it to your advantage?",
    "21": "22 | A Valuable Possession is Stolen or Lost – An important item vanishes—whether taken by thieves, misplaced in a moment of distraction, or mysteriously absent. Do you track it down, or adapt to its absence?",
    "22": "23 | A Resource is Running Low – A vital supply is dwindling, forcing a tough decision. Rations, coin, arrows, medicine, or even trust among companions is wearing thin. If not addressed, desperation could lead to mistakes, riskier choices, or unexpected consequences.",
    "23": "24 | A Strange Encounter Occurs – A bizarre individual, creature, or event interrupts the expected course of action. A figure dressed in colours that shift impossibly, a door where no door should be, or a whisper that speaks your name. Whatever it is, it forces a reaction.",
    "24": "25 | Your Reputation is at Stake – Word spreads about your actions, shaping how others perceive you. It could be based on truth or falsehoods. A rumour circulates, an official inquiry begins, or an accusation forces you to defend yourself. Gaining favour with one group might make enemies of another.",
    "25": "26 | A Message Arrives Too Late – A letter, warning, or request for aid reaches you after the moment of action has passed. It might reveal a lost opportunity, an imminent danger, or a consequence you weren’t prepared for. Now, you must decide how to proceed knowing you were one step behind.",
    "26": "27 | A Safe Place is No Longer Safe – A trusted hideout, camp, or town you thought was secure is no longer so. Perhaps a familiar place has been ransacked, overrun, or is under watchful eyes. Do you risk staying, find a new refuge, or confront the source of the danger?",
    "27": "28 | A Moral Dilemma Presents Itself – A decision must be made that tests your values. Do you aid the desperate at great cost to yourself? Do you uphold a promise, even when it risks disaster? The choice could shape your future, your alliances, and your own sense of who you are.",
    "28": "29 | A New Character Enters the Story – A stranger crosses your path, their presence shifting the course of events. Are they friend, foe, or something more complex? Their motives may be clear, or they may be playing a long game. Whether you welcome them, test them, or avoid them entirely, they now have a role in your journey.",
    "29": "30 | Something You Believed is Proved Wrong – A long-held assumption is shattered. A trusted leader is corrupt, a feared enemy turns out to be an ally, or a quest you believed in turns out to be meaningless. Now, you must decide how to react and what path to take next.",
    "30": "31 | A Physical Obstacle Appears – A collapsed bridge, a sudden rockslide, or a gate sealed by ancient magic. The path forward is impassable without effort, risk, or an alternative route. It may require a test of strength, intelligence, or resources to overcome.",
    "31": "32 | A Storm or Natural Disaster Strikes – Torrential rain turns roads into mud, strong winds tear down shelter, or an earthquake threatens to bring ruins crashing down. Survival and adapting to the situation become the immediate priority.",
    "32": "33 | A Betrayal Unfolds – Someone you trusted acts against you—whether out of greed, fear, or their own survival. A companion sells you out, a deal turns into a double-cross, or an ally walks away when you need them most. The consequences are immediate and demand a response.",
    "33": "34 | A Sudden Demand or Debt is Called In – An old agreement is remembered at the worst possible time. A merchant demands payment, a noble expects you to fulfil a promise, or an unsavoury figure reminds you of a favour owed. Whether you agree, refuse, or attempt to escape the obligation, it won’t be forgotten.",
    "34": "35 | A Curse, Illness, or Unnatural Effect Takes Hold – Something is wrong. A sickness spreads, a strange magic lingers, or a growing weakness dulls the mind and body. It might be curable, but at what cost?"
  }
}
