{"name":"Modern Quick NPCs","type":"simple","entries":{"0":"1 | Male, middle-aged. Tall and wiry with short, greying hair and tired eyes. A no-nonsense police officer, strict but fair. Wears a neatly pressed uniform with a radio clipped to his shoulder.","1":"2 | Female, young adult. Petite with shoulder-length blonde hair and a bright smile. A university student juggling multiple jobs. Wears a casual denim jacket and carries an overstuffed rucksack.","2":"3 | Male, elderly. Stooped with a thick white moustache and kind blue eyes. A retired postman who knows everyone in the neighbourhood. Wears a woollen coat and a flat cap.","3":"4 | Female, teenager. Tall and awkward with thick-rimmed glasses and braces. Shy but intelligent, often found reading. Wears a hoodie two sizes too big and scuffed trainers.","4":"5 | Male, adult. Muscular with tattooed arms and a shaved head. A personal trainer with a loud, commanding voice. Wears a tight-fitting gym vest and joggers.","5":"6 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with greying curls and a warm, motherly presence. Owns the local bakery and loves to chat. Wears a floral apron over a comfortable cardigan.","6":"7 | Male, young adult. Lanky with curly brown hair and a lopsided grin. A struggling musician playing gigs in small pubs. Wears ripped jeans and a leather jacket covered in band patches.","7":"8 | Female, elderly. Short and sharp-tongued with deep wrinkles and piercing green eyes. A retired teacher with strong opinions. Wears a long beige coat and carries a handbag filled with hard sweets.","8":"9 | Male, teenager. Scruffy with an unruly mop of hair and dirt under his fingernails. A skateboarding troublemaker with a heart of gold. Wears a graphic T-shirt and scuffed trainers.","9":"10 | Female, adult. Tall and elegant with sleek black hair and a sharp sense of style. A high-powered lawyer who never loses a case. Wears a tailored navy suit and expensive heels.","10":"11 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a beer belly and a deep laugh. A pub landlord who loves a good joke. Wears a rugby jersey and always smells of ale.","11":"12 | Female, young adult. Slender with an intricate sleeve tattoo and dark eyeliner. A barista who dreams of becoming a famous artist. Wears a beanie and a worn-out band T-shirt.","12":"13 | Male, elderly. Frail with trembling hands and clouded grey eyes. A former soldier who tells war stories no one believes. Wears an old army jacket and walks with a cane.","13":"14 | Female, teenager. Short and energetic with a mass of tight curls. A competitive dancer who never stops moving. Wears leggings and an oversized hoodie.","14":"15 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with slicked-back hair and a confident smirk. A flashy car salesman with a gift for persuasion. Wears a pinstripe suit and too much aftershave.","15":"16 | Female, middle-aged. Athletic with a serious expression and tired eyes. A paramedic who has seen it all. Wears navy blue scrubs and carries a thermos of black coffee.","16":"17 | Male, young adult. Tall and lanky with round glasses and a nervous demeanour. A struggling computer programmer. Wears a hoodie, cargo trousers, and noise-cancelling headphones.","17":"18 | Female, elderly. Stooped with a kind face and a soft voice. Runs a flower shop and always smells of lavender. Wears a knitted shawl and a silver locket.","18":"19 | Male, teenager. Slender with a nervous energy and permanently hunched shoulders. A bookworm who keeps to himself. Wears an oversized jumper and carries a notebook everywhere.","19":"20 | Female, adult. Confident with striking features and a loud, infectious laugh. A popular radio DJ with strong opinions. Wears a bomber jacket and carries a large set of headphones.","20":"21 | Male, middle-aged. Bald with a bushy beard and arms covered in tattoos. A mechanic who knows every car by heart. Wears oil-stained overalls and heavy boots.","21":"22 | Female, young adult. Petite with pastel-coloured hair and thick eyeliner. A fashion influencer always chasing trends. Wears a crop top, ripped jeans, and expensive trainers.","22":"23 | Male, elderly. Stoic with deep wrinkles and an air of wisdom. A retired judge who still reads legal cases for fun. Wears a wool overcoat and polished shoes.","23":"24 | Female, teenager. Tall with long, dyed-blue hair and a sarcastic smirk. A gamer who spends most of her time online. Wears an oversized hoodie and fingerless gloves.","24":"25 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with a beer belly and a friendly smile. A lorry driver who enjoys long road trips. Wears a checkered flannel shirt and faded jeans.","25":"26 | Female, middle-aged. Short and strict with piercing eyes and a no-nonsense attitude. A school headteacher who means business. Wears a grey blazer and sensible shoes.","26":"27 | Male, young adult. Wiry with spiky black hair and a chain around his neck. A street artist who lives for rebellion. Wears a paint-splattered hoodie and cargo trousers.","27":"28 | Female, elderly. Small with a gentle face and permanently cold hands. Loves baking for the community. Wears a thick cardigan and knitted slippers.","28":"29 | Male, teenager. Gangly with freckles and an infectious laugh. The class clown always getting into trouble. Wears a baseball cap backwards and ripped jeans.","29":"30 | Female, adult. Poised with perfectly styled hair and a polished demeanour. A successful business executive with no patience for nonsense. Wears a silk blouse and designer handbag.","30":"31 | Male, middle-aged. Stocky with short, greying hair and a tired expression. A traffic warden who takes his job too seriously. Wears a neon safety vest and steel-toed boots.","31":"32 | Female, young adult. Slender with a serious expression and deep brown eyes. A journalist chasing the next big scoop. Wears a blazer, ripped jeans, and a press badge.","32":"33 | Male, elderly. Stooped with a thick woollen scarf and a love for storytelling. A retired fisherman who still wakes up at dawn. Wears a waterproof jacket and well-worn boots.","33":"34 | Female, teenager. Slouchy with long, dark hair and chipped black nail polish. A poet who lives in her own world. Wears a black trench coat and Doc Martens.","34":"35 | Male, adult. Athletic with a chiselled jaw and a cocky smile. A personal injury lawyer who thrives in court. Wears an expensive watch and carries a leather briefcase.","35":"36 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with her hair always tied in a tight bun. A no-nonsense nurse who gets things done. Wears blue scrubs and a wristwatch for checking pulses.","36":"37 | Male, young adult. Slim with a nervous twitch and an encyclopaedic knowledge of sci-fi films. A comic book shop owner with a dry sense of humour. Wears a graphic T-shirt and baggy jeans.","37":"38 | Female, elderly. Frail but energetic with a head full of gossip. Runs the local knitting club and knows everyone’s secrets. Wears a wool cardigan and oversized glasses.","38":"39 | Male, teenager. Short and scrappy with an ever-present smirk. A school dropout working odd jobs to survive. Wears a black hoodie and always has a cigarette behind his ear.","39":"40 | Female, adult. Petite with bright blue eyes and a mischievous grin. A bartender who knows how to read people. Wears a crisp white shirt and a waistcoat.","40":"41 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a thick beard and calloused hands. A butcher who takes pride in his craft. Wears a bloodstained apron and carries a cleaver like an extension of his hand.","41":"42 | Female, young adult. Slender with long dark braids and a sharp gaze. A struggling actress always hunting for her next audition. Wears a fitted leather jacket and carries a well-worn script.","42":"43 | Male, elderly. Bent and slow-moving with a permanent frown. A retired accountant who still checks receipts for fun. Wears a beige cardigan and glasses that constantly slip down his nose.","43":"44 | Female, teenager. Short with dyed-pink hair and too much attitude for her size. A rebellious skater who refuses to follow the rules. Wears a leather jacket covered in patches and studs.","44":"45 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with a five o’clock shadow and tired eyes. A firefighter who’s seen too much but never complains. Wears a navy-blue uniform with soot stains.","45":"46 | Female, middle-aged. Slim and always in motion with a tight ponytail. A primary school teacher with a strict but fair approach. Wears a knee-length skirt and sensible shoes.","46":"47 | Male, young adult. Wiry with an easy-going smile and a permanent tan. A surf instructor who lives for the ocean. Wears a wetsuit half-unzipped and a wooden beaded necklace.","47":"48 | Female, elderly. Small and fragile-looking but sharper than she appears. A retired librarian who remembers every book she’s read. Wears a knitted jumper and thick reading glasses.","48":"49 | Male, teenager. Lanky with floppy brown hair and a camera always in hand. A budding photographer with a fascination for street life. Wears a hoodie with a dozen spare memory cards in his pockets.","49":"50 | Female, adult. Graceful with high cheekbones and a quiet confidence. A successful architect who prefers to let her work speak for her. Wears a tailored grey dress and carries a sketchbook.","50":"51 | Male, middle-aged. Stocky with a heavy brow and a gravelly voice. A cab driver who’s heard every story imaginable. Wears a polo shirt and keeps a lucky dice hanging from his mirror.","51":"52 | Female, young adult. Petite with thick-rimmed glasses and an infectious enthusiasm. A tech support worker who loves problem-solving. Wears a baggy hoodie covered in cartoon characters.","52":"53 | Male, elderly. Tall and imposing with a booming voice. A retired judge who can’t stop giving unsolicited legal advice. Wears a three-piece suit, even on casual walks.","53":"54 | Female, teenager. Gangly and awkward with braces and a loud laugh. A theatre kid who dreams of Broadway. Wears an oversized jumper covered in theatre quotes.","54":"55 | Male, adult. Muscular with a crew cut and serious expression. A military veteran now working as a security guard. Wears a fitted black T-shirt and tactical boots.","55":"56 | Female, middle-aged. Slightly plump with bright red lipstick and a commanding presence. A hairdresser who knows everyone’s secrets. Wears a leopard-print blouse and chunky earrings.","56":"57 | Male, young adult. Thin with sharp features and a calculating mind. A stock trader obsessed with the market. Wears a suit that’s slightly too expensive for his status.","57":"58 | Female, elderly. Stooped but still quick-witted, with a constant twinkle in her eye. A lifelong activist who never stopped fighting. Wears a faded protest badge on her coat.","58":"59 | Male, teenager. Short and feisty with a scowl permanently fixed on his face. A local troublemaker with a soft spot for stray animals. Wears a hoodie that smells faintly of motor oil.","59":"60 | Female, adult. Poised and elegant with a sharp tongue. A news anchor who always has her eye on the next big scoop. Wears a tailored blazer and heels sharp enough to kill."}}