{"name":"Occult Quick NPCs","type":"simple","entries":{"0":"1 | Male, middle-aged. Tall and gaunt with piercing dark eyes and sunken cheeks. A reclusive occult scholar, obsessed with forbidden knowledge. Wears a long black coat lined with esoteric symbols.","1":"2 | Female, young adult. Slender with raven-black hair and pale skin. A fortune teller with an unsettlingly accurate intuition. Wears silver rings on every finger and a deep purple shawl.","2":"3 | Male, elderly. Frail with milky white eyes and parchment-thin skin. A former priest who turned to darker arts. Wears a faded cassock and clutches a cracked rosary.","3":"4 | Female, teenager. Wide-eyed with freckles and a dreamy expression. Claims to speak to spirits but struggles to differentiate them from her own thoughts. Wears a white dress, always slightly dirt-stained.","4":"5 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with scars covering his arms. A former cult enforcer, now on the run from his past. Wears a heavy hooded cloak and a protective charm around his neck.","5":"6 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with streaks of silver in her hair and piercing green eyes. A hedge witch who knows every local herb and its purpose. Wears an apron covered in plant stains and a belt full of pouches.","6":"7 | Male, young adult. Slender with long fingers and hollow cheeks. A necromancer who hears the whispers of the dead. Wears a tattered cloak that smells of grave soil.","7":"8 | Female, elderly. Small and birdlike with sharp, knowing eyes. A midwife with a talent for divination. Wears a patchwork shawl woven with protective runes.","8":"9 | Male, teenager. Lanky with unruly hair and constantly dirtied hands. An amateur alchemist obsessed with transformation. Wears a scorched vest and carries a bag full of broken vials.","9":"10 | Female, adult. Lithe with flame-red hair and sharp cheekbones. A demonologist who made one too many bargains. Wears leather gloves to hide the sigils burnt into her palms.","10":"11 | Male, middle-aged. Heavyset with a permanently furrowed brow and a shadowed past. A sceptic turned believer after witnessing something horrifying. Wears a worn-out overcoat and carries a flask filled with holy water.","11":"12 | Female, young adult. Petite with dark brown skin and golden eyes. A dreamwalker who enters the nightmares of others. Wears loose robes adorned with symbols that shift under moonlight.","12":"13 | Male, elderly. Bent and frail with a long, wispy beard and shaking hands. A cursed scholar who knows the end is near. Wears an old university robe, its hem lined with faded occult sigils.","13":"14 | Female, teenager. Delicate-looking with an eerie stillness to her movements. Was found in the woods as a child with no memory. Wears a locket that is always cold to the touch.","14":"15 | Male, adult. Tall and sinewy with unnaturally sharp teeth. A hunter of things that lurk in the dark. Wears a trench coat filled with stakes, vials, and silver bullets.","15":"16 | Female, middle-aged. Curvy with deep laugh lines and knowing eyes. A folk healer with an unsettlingly accurate sense of when death is near. Wears a red headscarf and multiple charms against evil.","16":"17 | Male, young adult. Thin and pale with eyes that glow faintly in the dark. A seer tormented by visions of things that should not be seen. Wears a blindfold most of the time.","17":"18 | Female, elderly. Frail but fierce with a wicked grin. A former coven leader who still holds power. Wears a tattered shawl and carries a cane topped with a bird skull.","18":"19 | Male, teenager. Scruffy with a nervous energy and darting eyes. A runaway from a doomsday cult. Wears a ratty hoodie and carries a dog-eared book of prophecies.","19":"20 | Female, adult. Graceful with dark skin and long braids laced with charms. A medium who lets spirits speak through her. Wears flowing robes embroidered with protective glyphs.","20":"21 | Male, middle-aged. Barrel-chested with deep-set eyes and a hoarse voice. A preacher who has abandoned the light. Wears a black suit with frayed edges and carries a heavy tome.","21":"22 | Female, young adult. Slender with a fox-like face and a mischievous grin. A trickster who makes pacts with the fae. Wears mismatched jewellery and never walks the same path twice.","22":"23 | Male, elderly. Hunched with a scar running across his face. A librarian who guards ancient forbidden texts. Wears half-moon glasses and fingerless gloves.","23":"24 | Female, teenager. Short and thin with a perpetually worried expression. A cursed girl who brings bad luck wherever she goes. Wears a grey dress that never seems to get dirty.","24":"25 | Male, adult. Tall with a skeletal build and cold hands. A vampire pretending to be human. Wears elegant, old-fashioned clothing and dark sunglasses, even at night.","25":"26 | Female, middle-aged. Round-faced with silver-streaked hair and a sly smile. A potion-maker with questionable morals. Wears a colourful cloak and always smells of strange spices.","26":"27 | Male, young adult. Handsome with an unsettling presence. A man who sold his soul for power. Wears a tailored suit, always impeccable, but his shadow never moves quite right.","27":"28 | Female, elderly. Tiny with hunched shoulders and yellowing nails. A witch who whispers to the wind. Wears a patchwork coat that seems to shift in the moonlight.","28":"29 | Male, teenager. Pale with haunted eyes and a voice that echoes oddly. A boy who died and came back. Wears a scarf that hides the marks around his throat.","29":"30 | Female, adult. Tall and elegant with feline-like eyes. A fae masquerading as human. Wears a gown that shifts between colours depending on her mood.","30":"31 | Male, middle-aged. Gaunt with a strange, permanent smile. A gravedigger who hears the whispers of the buried. Wears a tattered hat and perpetually dirty gloves.","31":"32 | Female, young adult. Soft-spoken with hair that moves as if touched by an invisible breeze. A girl who was lost in the Otherworld and returned. Wears a silver bracelet that hums faintly.","32":"33 | Male, elderly. Hunched and wrapped in tattered robes. A former prophet who saw too much and went mad. Wears a blindfold and mutters in forgotten tongues.","33":"34 | Female, teenager. Fragile-looking with ice-cold skin and a distant stare. A girl who never sleeps. Wears a white nightgown, even in the daytime.","34":"35 | Male, adult. Rugged with an unshaven face and deep, watchful eyes. A demon hunter who has lost everything. Wears a long coat covered in hidden weapons.","35":"36 | Female, middle-aged. Solidly built with a rough voice. A bar owner who serves both humans and monsters. Wears a leather vest and keeps a silver dagger under the counter.","36":"37 | Male, young adult. Thin with shadowed eyes and ink-stained fingers. A writer who unknowingly records future events. Wears a moth-eaten jumper and carries an old notebook.","37":"38 | Female, elderly. Sharp-featured with silver eyes that never blink. A witch who can hear the thoughts of crows. Wears a feathered cloak that rustles on its own.","38":"39 | Male, teenager. Awkward with constantly shaking hands. A psychic who can hear the last thoughts of the dead. Wears a necklace of tiny bones.","39":"40 | Female, adult. Regal and poised with an eerie calmness. A woman who claims to have lived a thousand lives. Wears an antique ring that glows under the full moon.","40":"41 | Male, middle-aged. Broad-shouldered with a heavy brow and hollow, sunken eyes. A failed exorcist haunted by his mistakes. Wears a long coat with old religious texts sewn into the lining.","41":"42 | Female, young adult. Petite with wild, curly hair and a mischievous smirk. A street magician with real magic hidden in her tricks. Wears a tattered tailcoat and keeps a deck of marked tarot cards.","42":"43 | Male, elderly. Thin and frail with dark veins running along his hands. A man who lived past his time by unnatural means. Wears an old-fashioned suit that never seems to wrinkle.","43":"44 | Female, teenager. Pale with unnervingly bright blue eyes and a slow, deliberate way of speaking. A girl raised by spirits. Wears a school uniform that is strangely pristine despite the dirt on her hands.","44":"45 | Male, adult. Lanky with ink-stained fingers and restless energy. A scholar of the supernatural, obsessed with documenting the unknown. Wears a threadbare sweater and keeps a notebook filled with cryptic sketches.","45":"46 | Female, middle-aged. Stern with sharp cheekbones and streaks of silver in her dark hair. A former nun who abandoned her faith for something older. Wears a black dress and a single, strange silver ring.","46":"47 | Male, young adult. Athletic with jagged scars along his arms. A werewolf hunter who no longer fears the full moon. Wears a high-collared coat lined with silver buttons.","47":"48 | Female, elderly. Hunched with sunken, cloudy eyes. A blind seer who sees more than most. Wears a simple grey robe and carries a staff carved with unknown symbols.","48":"49 | Male, teenager. Slender with an androgynous face and golden pupils. A boy who may not be entirely human. Wears a dark scarf that shifts like smoke.","49":"50 | Female, adult. Towering with deep brown skin and glowing tattoos on her arms. A priestess of an ancient, forgotten deity. Wears golden bangles that chime when she moves.","50":"51 | Male, middle-aged. Thickset with a grizzled beard and a rough voice. A grave robber who unearthed something he shouldn’t have. Wears a patched leather jacket and a rusted shovel strapped to his back.","51":"52 | Female, young adult. Slender with long, silky black hair and piercing green eyes. A vampire hiding in plain sight. Wears a fitted dress and carries a black lace parasol, even at night.","52":"53 | Male, elderly. Skeletal with translucent skin and long, bony fingers. A spirit that forgot how to die. Wears a tattered waistcoat and speaks in a voice like dry leaves rustling.","53":"54 | Female, teenager. Small with dark freckles and a permanent frown. A girl born under a blood moon, destined for misfortune. Wears a necklace of dried flowers that never wilt.","54":"55 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered with deep scars across his face. A former cult member trying to undo the horrors he helped create. Wears an old priest’s robe, its symbols burned away.","55":"56 | Female, middle-aged. Heavyset with warm brown eyes and a comforting smile. A fortune teller who only gives bad news. Wears a shawl embroidered with the constellations.","56":"57 | Male, young adult. Thin and pale with blackened fingertips. A cursed man who rots everything he touches. Wears thick leather gloves and avoids direct eye contact.","57":"58 | Female, elderly. Frail but still quick-witted, with wrinkles carved deep by time. A woman who knows how to speak with the dead. Wears a simple black cloak that smells faintly of dried roses.","58":"59 | Male, teenager. Wiry with wild, unkempt hair and sharp teeth. A changeling trying to pretend he belongs. Wears an oversized hoodie and refuses to remove his gloves.","59":"60 | Female, adult. Graceful with eerie violet eyes and a voice that echoes strangely. A woman who was possessed and never fully came back. Wears a high-necked blouse and a silver locket with no picture inside."}}