{
  "name": "Vampire/Werewolf Setting Quick NPCs",
  "type": "simple",
  "entries": {
    "0": "1 | Male, middle-aged. Tall and gaunt with sunken eyes and a permanent sneer. A vampire elder who remembers centuries of war. Wears a high-collared coat and carries an ancient silver signet ring.",
    "1": "2 | Female, young adult. Slender with wild red hair and piercing gold eyes. A rogue werewolf who refuses to follow the pack’s rules. Wears a leather jacket with claw marks across the back.",
    "2": "3 | Male, elderly. Frail but unnervingly alert, with a raspy voice and sharp, elongated nails. A vampire who drinks only from the willing. Wears a velvet cloak and gloves to hide his age-spotted hands.",
    "3": "4 | Female, teenager. Pale with wide, haunted eyes and a lingering scent of blood. A newly turned vampire struggling with her instincts. Wears a school uniform stained with dried crimson.",
    "4": "5 | Male, adult. Muscular with scars running across his arms and back. A werewolf enforcer who keeps the peace—by force if needed. Wears a ripped tank top and a wolf fang pendant.",
    "5": "6 | Female, middle-aged. Stout with streaks of silver in her dark hair and a no-nonsense attitude. A vampire bartender who serves both the living and the undead. Wears a worn apron and carries a wooden stake under the counter.",
    "6": "7 | Male, young adult. Lanky with dark, hollow cheeks and unsettlingly sharp teeth. A vampire masquerading as human in a nightclub. Wears designer clothes but moves too smoothly to be normal.",
    "7": "8 | Female, elderly. Small with wiry white hair and knowing, milky eyes. A werewolf pack mother, once feared, now a keeper of stories. Wears a fur-lined coat and a necklace made of teeth.",
    "8": "9 | Male, teenager. Scruffy with messy hair and twitchy energy. A newly bitten werewolf experiencing his first moon. Wears a torn hoodie and no shoes, his feet too sensitive now.",
    "9": "10 | Female, adult. Tall and poised with deep violet eyes. A vampire courtesan who has seduced kings and queens. Wears a silk dress, her perfume masking the scent of decay.",
    "10": "11 | Male, middle-aged. Broad-shouldered with greying hair and calloused hands. A human vampire hunter, too old for this life but unwilling to stop. Wears a duster coat lined with silver bullets.",
    "11": "12 | Female, young adult. Athletic with wild hair and a cocky grin. A werewolf prizefighter who fights in underground rings. Wears a sleeveless hoodie and fingerless gloves.",
    "12": "13 | Male, elderly. Skeletal with parchment-thin skin and blackened veins. A vampire who has gone too long without feeding. Wears a crumbling robe and speaks in whispers.",
    "13": "14 | Female, teenager. Short with big brown eyes and a constantly shifting expression. A wolf pup not yet able to shift but desperate to prove herself. Wears an oversized leather jacket from her pack leader.",
    "14": "15 | Male, adult. Rugged with stubble and yellowing eyes. A vampire who only feeds on criminals. Wears a long coat and never speaks louder than a whisper.",
    "15": "16 | Female, middle-aged. Slender with a jagged scar down one cheek. A vampire diplomat trying to keep the peace between species. Wears a tailored suit with a dagger strapped to her thigh.",
    "16": "17 | Male, young adult. Lean with a nervous energy, always looking over his shoulder. A werewolf who abandoned his pack and fears retribution. Wears a baseball cap low over his face.",
    "17": "18 | Female, elderly. Frail but deadly, with jet-black eyes and a mischievous smile. A vampire elder who toys with mortals for fun. Wears a pearl necklace and sips wine that is definitely not wine.",
    "18": "19 | Male, teenager. Stocky with wide shoulders and an aggressive stance. A young werewolf training to be the next pack alpha. Wears ripped jeans and carries a switchblade he doesn’t need.",
    "19": "20 | Female, adult. Graceful and alluring with luminous silver hair. A vampire assassin who kills without leaving a trace. Wears a tight black dress and gloves that hide her claws.",
    "20": "21 | Male, middle-aged. Tall and solid with salt-and-pepper hair. A werewolf blacksmith who forges weapons for both wolves and humans. Wears a leather apron and permanently soot-stained hands.",
    "21": "22 | Female, young adult. Petite with dark freckles and a wicked smile. A vampire who finds amusement in human affairs. Wears a corset and a dagger strapped to her thigh.",
    "22": "23 | Male, elderly. Hunched and skeletal with yellowed fangs. A vampire who refuses to drink blood, wasting away slowly. Wears a robe embroidered with ancient symbols.",
    "23": "24 | Female, teenager. Pale with large, dark eyes and a tendency to stare. A vampire obsessed with human culture. Wears a hoodie with a band logo and carries an old flip phone.",
    "24": "25 | Male, adult. Broad-shouldered and unshaven with sharp yellow teeth. A rogue werewolf who lives in the wilds. Wears a tattered cloak and smells of wet fur.",
    "25": "26 | Female, middle-aged. Short and wiry with streaks of grey in her thick curls. A vampire doctor who studies the biology of the supernatural. Wears a blood-stained lab coat.",
    "26": "27 | Male, young adult. Slender with luminous green eyes and a soft voice. A vampire mesmerist who can control minds. Wears a long trench coat and walks without making a sound.",
    "27": "28 | Female, elderly. Hunched with wild white hair and cracked lips. A werewolf who has outlived her entire pack. Wears a handmade shawl with old pack symbols.",
    "28": "29 | Male, teenager. Gangly with sharp, canine-like teeth. A new werewolf struggling with the hunger. Wears torn clothes and always looks on the verge of shifting.",
    "29": "30 | Female, adult. Elegant with perfectly styled black hair and blood-red lips. A vampire noble who plays politics like a game. Wears an elaborate gown and lace gloves.",
    "30": "31 | Male, middle-aged. Rugged with a deep voice and silver-streaked hair. A werewolf bartender who settles disputes before they begin. Wears a flannel shirt with the sleeves rolled up.",
    "31": "32 | Female, young adult. Short with wild, untamed curls and a wide grin. A reckless werewolf who enjoys the thrill of the hunt. Wears a biker jacket covered in claw marks.",
    "32": "33 | Male, elderly. Frail-looking but faster than he should be. A vampire who has seen empires rise and fall. Wears an old military uniform, impeccably kept.",
    "33": "34 | Female, teenager. Slender with glowing blue eyes and a quiet demeanour. A werewolf who hasn’t yet found her place in the pack. Wears a simple necklace carved from bone.",
    "34": "35 | Male, adult. Thick-built with scars across his face. A former werewolf hunter who was turned by his own prey. Wears combat boots and a heavy coat.",
    "35": "36 | Female, middle-aged. Graceful with silver streaks in her hair. A vampire scholar collecting rare supernatural artefacts. Wears a Victorian-style dress despite the modern world.",
    "36": "37 | Male, young adult. Wiry with a nervous disposition and a twitching jaw. A vampire junkie hooked on synthetic blood. Wears a hoodie and has track marks on his neck.",
    "37": "38 | Female, elderly. Small but commanding, with piercing grey eyes. A werewolf matriarch who commands respect. Wears a simple leather necklace adorned with wolf teeth.",
    "38": "39 | Male, teenager. Awkward and lanky with oversized hands and feet. A young werewolf struggling with his first transformation. Wears a hoodie to hide the new fur on his arms.",
    "39": "40 | Female, adult. Mysterious with long black hair and golden irises. A vampire who claims to be older than written history. Wears a deep red dress and a golden armband.",
    "40": "41 | Male, middle-aged. Thick-set with greyed-out eyes and a deep, gruff voice. A werewolf who was blinded in battle but can still track prey by scent. Wears a fur-lined jacket with deep claw marks on the sleeves.",
    "41": "42 | Female, young adult. Delicate but unnervingly still, with cold, pale skin. A vampire artist who paints using blood. Wears an oversized black smock always smeared with red stains.",
    "42": "43 | Male, elderly. Thin and whispery, his hands skeletal but fast. A vampire archivist who has memorised every supernatural war. Wears a tattered velvet waistcoat and a pocket watch from another era.",
    "43": "44 | Female, teenager. Slender with long, shaggy brown hair and yellowing eyes. A werewolf still resisting her first shift. Wears ripped jeans and constantly chews on a piece of rawhide.",
    "44": "45 | Male, adult. Towering and broad-shouldered with a massive scar across his back. A werewolf alpha exiled from his own pack. Wears a heavy wool coat and fingerless gloves to hide his claws.",
    "45": "46 | Female, middle-aged. Regal and poised with a permanent smirk. A vampire noble who plays mortals like chess pieces. Wears a fine lace dress and a crimson pendant that pulses faintly.",
    "46": "47 | Male, young adult. Lean with dark circles under his sharp eyes. A vampire scientist experimenting with blood alternatives. Wears thick-rimmed glasses and a sleek black coat lined with vials.",
    "47": "48 | Female, elderly. Small but ferocious, with weathered skin and gleaming yellow eyes. A werewolf shaman who guides younger wolves. Wears a cloak of thick furs and smells of herbs and moonlight.",
    "48": "49 | Male, teenager. Scruffy with a mop of curly hair and sharp teeth always just visible. A half-turned werewolf abandoned by his creator. Wears a battered hoodie and flinches at sudden noises.",
    "49": "50 | Female, adult. Strikingly beautiful with ice-cold skin and a cruel smile. A vampire seductress who thrives on deception. Wears a flowing black gown that seems to absorb the light around her.",
    "50": "51 | Male, middle-aged. Large with an unkempt beard and calloused hands. A werewolf blacksmith who forges weapons for both sides of the war. Wears a leather apron and constantly smells of burning metal.",
    "51": "52 | Female, young adult. Athletic with short-cropped hair and a cocky smirk. A werewolf bounty hunter who tracks rogue vampires. Wears a utility vest filled with silver knives and tracking beacons.",
    "52": "53 | Male, elderly. Frail-looking but eerily strong, with faded red eyes. A vampire who has forgotten his humanity. Wears a priest’s robe now tattered and soaked in old blood.",
    "53": "54 | Female, teenager. Small with wild, golden eyes and nervous energy. A werewolf cub who still acts more like a pup than a person. Wears an oversized sweater and has claw marks on her arms from sparring.",
    "54": "55 | Male, adult. Gaunt with deep scars on his throat, his voice permanently hoarse. A vampire who was nearly killed but somehow survived. Wears a scarf at all times to hide the bite marks.",
    "55": "56 | Female, middle-aged. Slim with streaks of silver in her jet-black hair. A vampire enforcer who ensures the coven's laws are followed. Wears a reinforced corset lined with silver-threaded daggers.",
    "56": "57 | Male, young adult. Lanky with twitching fingers and a nervous stammer. A werewolf hacker who keeps track of supernatural movements online. Wears fingerless gloves and carries a laptop covered in scratches.",
    "57": "58 | Female, elderly. Hunched and frail-looking with gleaming fangs still as sharp as ever. A vampire who has grown tired of immortality. Wears a heavy cloak and constantly mutters in a forgotten language.",
    "58": "59 | Male, teenager. Wiry with wild hair and mismatched eyes. A werewolf with an unusual gift—he never loses control during transformation. Wears an old, hand-stitched leather jacket and walks barefoot.",
    "59": "60 | Female, adult. Poised and graceful with an otherworldly air. A vampire who has transcended physical form and can walk through shadows. Wears a spectral veil that flickers in the moonlight."
  }
}
